Newton , defense lead Panthers past Cowboys 16 - 8
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) Panthers defensive tackle Kawann Short stood smiling at his locker sporting a new black golf shirt with three letters stitched on that read : G2X.
It was a present to the defensive linemen from new coordinator Eric Washington - a reminder of the motto of this year 's unit .
' ' Getting to the spot , man ; getting to the quarterback , '' Short said . ' ' It 's the mentality for everybody on defense . ''
The Panthers ' defense did plenty of that Sunday , sacking quarterback Dak Prescott six times and limiting Dallas to 232 yards in a 16 - 8 victory over the Cowboys in the season opener .
Cam Newton ran for 58 yards and a touchdown , and Luke Kuechly had 13 tackles to lead the Panthers . Short had two sacks and Mario Addison added a game - clinching strip - sack of the Cowboys quarterback with 1:23 left .
' ' They 're great , '' Prescott said of Carolina 's defense . ' ' Luke Kuechly is the quarterback of that defense and does a great job of putting them in good position . And they are a sure - tackling team . ''
The Cowboys , who entered the season looking to replace Dez Bryant and Jason Witten , could n't do much against a stingy Carolina defense in the first half . The Panthers limited the Cowboys to 60 yards and four first downs to take a 10 - 0 lead into the locker room .
Prescott finished with just 170 yards passing and Ezekiel Elliott was held to 69 yards rushing and did n't score until the fourth quarter . Dallas ' leading receiver was Cole Beasley , who had seven catches for 73 yards .
Prescott refused to blame the team 's struggles on adjusting to new players - or on the offense 's lack of reps together in preseason .
' ' We have a lot of great players on this team , '' Prescott said . ' ' We 're not talking about guys we used to have or guys that are missing . It 's about the guys on the field and we gave it our all . I promise we will have a better performance next week . ''
The Panthers seemed in complete control when fullback Alex Armah scored on a 1-yard run early in the fourth quarter to make it 16 - 0 . But Carolina botched the extra point , keeping it a two - possession game and turning the momentum to the Cowboys .
Elliott scored on a 4-yard touchdown run on the next drive and Prescott added the 2-point conversion to cut the lead in half .
But Carolina stopped Dallas on its final two drives and Addison - who had 11 sacks last season - stripped Prescott of the ball and Captain Munnerlyn recovered .
' ' Kawann ca n't get a sack without me ; I ca n't get a sack without him , ca n't get one without ( Julius ) Peppers , '' Addison said . ' ' Everybody 's got to do their job . ''
Cowboys coach Jason Garrett said the Cowboys did a better job of spreading the Panthers out late in the game , but added that penalties were a killer . Dallas was penalized 10 times for 85 yards .
OLSEN DOWN AGAIN : Panthers tight end Greg Olsen left in the first half with a foot injury and did not return . He was on the sideline in the second half on crutches with his right foot in the boot .
It 's the same foot Olsen broke last season , costing him nine games . Rivera offered no other updates on how long the three - time Pro Bowl selection might be out .
NEWTON RUNNING : Just as he did last season , Newton led the Panthers in rushing . He had 52 yards on four carries on the game 's opening drive , but Christian McCaffrey fumbled near the goal line .
Newton said new offensive coordinator Norv Turner told him when he arrived that , ' ' I ' m going to let you be you , baby . ''
' ' They challenge you in so many different ways , '' Garrett said . ' ' The quarterback runs in the first half were such huge plays for them , converting third downs , down in the red zone . He 's been doing that his whole career . We knew that was something we 'd have to somehow contain and control . ''
GETTING HIS KICKS : Brett Maher , who replaced Dan Bailey - the second - most accurate kicker in NFL history - missed a 47-yard field goal in his first career attempt .
CHANGING TIMES : For the first time in franchise history , the Panthers painted their team logo at midfield .
New owner David Tepper made the decision after purchasing the team from Jerry Richardson in July . The Panthers have always had the NFL ' ' shield '' at midfield - per Richardson 's orders - since coming into the league as an expansion franchise in 1995 .
INJURIES
Cowboys : Defensive end Randy Gregory suffered a concussion in the first half and did not return .
Panthers : Along with Olsen , second - team All - Pro right tackle Daryl Williams went down with a knee injury in the fourth quarter and was carted off the field . Williams tore his MCL and dislocated his knee cap in the preseason , but Rivera said this is not the same injury . ... Kuechly injured his left knee in the fourth quarter but returned to the game .
UP NEXT
Cowboys : Host the Giants on Sunday night .
Panthers : Visit the Falcons on Sunday .
