Andy Dalton throws 4 TD passes , Bengals beat Ravens 34 - 23
CINCINNATI ( AP ) Andy Dalton kept the Ravens out of the playoffs last year by throwing a long touchdown pass . He sent them to another loss on Thursday night by throwing four more , getting the best of a defense that has bedeviled him for much of his career .
Dalton threw four touchdown passes in the first half - three to A.J. Green - and the Cincinnati Bengals held on for a 34 - 23 victory over Baltimore that made them the early leaders in the AFC North .
Dalton knocked the Ravens ( 1 - 1 ) out of postseason contention last season by throwing a 49-yard touchdown pass to Tyler Boyd in the closing seconds of the final game in Baltimore . On Thursday , he carved up a defense that has more often gotten the upper hand in their rivalry , leading Cincinnati ( 2 - 0 ) to an early 21-point lead .
' ' We came out hot , '' Dalton said . ' ' That 's exactly how we wanted to start the game . That 's a big one - puts us 2 - 0 to start the year and gives us a leg up in the division . ''
Heading into the game , Dalton had thrown more interceptions ( 17 ) than touchdowns ( 15 ) against the Ravens , including a four - interception game at Paul Brown Stadium last season . Dalton finished 24 of 42 for 265 yards , throwing four touchdown passes for the fifth time in his career .
Green set the tone with touchdown catches of 4 , 28 and 7 yards on consecutive possessions , a career high . Upset that he fumbled twice during a 34 - 23 win at Indianapolis on Sunday , he caught everything near him during the Bengals ' early surge . Green finished with five catches for 69 yards .
' ' It just happened to fall that way , '' Green said . ' ' We were clicking on all cylinders . We were in a groove . ''
The Ravens switched up their coverage on Green but could n't stop him in the opening half .
' ' We did all that and he still made some great plays , '' coach John Harbaugh said .
Dalton 's 14-yard touchdown throw to Boyd made it 28 - 7 late in the first half .
Joe Flacco was sharp in an opening 47 - 3 win over the Bills , but could n't do anything against Cincinnati until the Bengals led by three touchdowns . Flacco threw a pair of touchdown passes , including a 21-yarder to John Brown that cut it to 28 - 23 with 9:35 left .
' ' You better bounce back quick on a Thursday night and we did n't do it quick enough tonight , '' Flacco said .
Flacco fumbled with 2:42 to go - Shawn Williams stripped the ball from behind - setting up a field goal by Randy Bullock that closed it out . Flacco finished 32 of 55 for 376 yards with two touchdowns , two interceptions and four sacks .
' ' We were coming in waves all night , '' rookie defensive end Sam Hubbard said . ' ' Whoever was fresh was going out and making plays . ''
GLORY DAYS
The Bengals honored their 1988 Super Bowl team at halftime , their last team to go deep into the playoffs . They have n't won a playoff game since the 1990 season , the sixth - longest drought in NFL history .
PRIME - TIME PLAYERS
The Ravens had their streak of five straight Thursday night wins snapped . The Bengals are 6 - 14 in prime - time games since Dalton 's rookie season of 2011 - 0 - 5 on Sunday night , 2 - 5 on Monday night , 4 - 3 on Thursday night and 0 - 1 on Saturday night .
SEEING GREEN
Green is the fourth Bengals receiver to catch three TD passes in a half , joining Marvin Jones ( 2013 ) , Chad Johnson ( 2003 ) and Isaac Curtis ( 1973 ) .
FAST START
The Bengals are 2 - 0 for the first time since 2015 , when they won the division , and for only the fifth time during coach Marvin Lewis ' 16 seasons . They 're the first team to score at least 34 points in each of their first two games since the 2013 Broncos , who reached the Super Bowl , according to ESPN Stats & Info .
FAN ON FIELD
A young man in a black shirt ran onto the field in the closing minutes undetected until he got near Dalton . The fan was grabbed by security .
INJURIES
Ravens : LB C.J. Mosley left in the first quarter with a bruised knee . Harbaugh said an exam found no ligament damage , but Mosley could be sidelined for a while .
Bengals : Preston Brown was inactive with an injured right ankle , leaving Cincinnati without two top linebackers . Vontaze Burfict is suspended for the first four games for violating the NFL 's policy on performance - enhancing substances . ... DE Michael Johnson hurt his left knee in the first quarter and did n't return . ... Rookie C Billy Price hurt his right ankle in the first quarter and did n't return .
UP NEXT
Ravens host the Denver Broncos .
Bengals play at Carolina .
