Carlson misses 2 FGs in OT , Vikings and Packers tie
GREEN BAY , Wis. ( AP ) Wide right , times two .
Daniel Carlson missed two field goals in overtime , including one from 35 yards as time expired , and the Minnesota Vikings had to settle for a 29 - 29 tie with the Green Bay Packers after rallying from a late 13-point deficit on Sunday .
The rookie 's final attempt went to the right of the uprights , just like his kick from 49 earlier in overtime . Carlson also missed from 48 in the second quarter .
Packers kicker Mason Crosby matched a career high with five field goals , but his potential game - winner from 52 went wide left as time expired in regulation .
' ' It 's disappointing when you ' ve got an opportunity to win the football game there at the end and you come up with a tie . It 's better than a loss , '' Vikings coach Mike Zimmer said .
It was the second straight week with a tie in the NFL after the Steelers and Browns played to a draw in their opener .
The result at Lambeau Field overshadowed memorable performances from both quarterbacks .
Green Bay star Aaron Rodgers played with a brace on his injured left knee and threw for 281 yards and a 9-yard touchdown pass to Davante Adams .
But a mishandled handoff with 5:17 left in overtime cost the Packers a chance at another long field - goal attempt . Rodgers recovered the fumble on second - and-1 at the 37 , and he was sacked on third down to push Green Bay back to the 47 .
' ' Close to an ` L. ' Does n't feel great , '' Rodgers said about the tie .
Minnesota 's Kirk Cousins threw for 425 yards and four touchdowns , including three in the fourth quarter . He also threw an interception to Ha Ha Clinton - Dix after the ball bounced off the hands of Laquon Treadwell with 2:13 left .
Everything seemed to go the Vikings ' way in the fourth , when they rallied from a 20 - 7 deficit . Until that point , the Packers had put together the kind of complete performance needed to support Rodgers , who got hurt in Green Bay 's opening victory against Chicago .
Facing double coverage , Adam Thielen still caught a 22-yard touchdown pass from Cousins with 31 seconds left on a drive that included a roughing - the - passer penalty on Clay Matthews . Stefon Diggs caught a 2-point conversion pass to tie it at 29 .
' ' I do n't know where to start , to be honest with you . I have so many emotions running through as far as what a terrible call it was , '' Matthews said . ' ' At the same time , I do n't know what else to do . ''
The penalty negated an interception by Jaire Alexander with 1:45 left that would have allowed the Packers to run out the clock . Referee Tony Corrente said the call was not related to the new helmet - to - helmet rule .
' ' He picked up the quarterback and drove him into the ground , '' Corrente told a pool reporter .
Rodgers , who finished 30 of 42 , did n't have his typical mobility that allows him to busy time for receivers .
But he was able to move around enough to scramble out of trouble on occasion . Operating out of shotgun or pistol formations also bought Rodgers more time .
The Packers ( 1 - 0 - 1 ) , though , could have used more touchdowns from the offense .
They did get one on special teams after Geronimo Allison blocked a punt that was recovered by Josh Jackson in the end zone for a touchdown .
Thielen had 12 catches for 131 yards for Minnesota ( 1 - 0 - 1 ) , while Diggs had nine catches for 128 yards and two scores .
JUST FOR KICKERS
Carlson said he thought it might have been the first time he had missed three field goals in a game .
' ' I think I went out each time and it was a new kick , '' Carlson said . ' ' Went out there confident , but something obviously was off and I ' ve got to fix that and help this team . ''
The last attempt from 35 was set up with the ball placed between the hash marks , but Carlson still missed .
JUST FOR KICKERS II
Crosby almost had six field goals , but his first , successful attempt from 52 at the end of the regulation was erased because the Vikings called timeout right before the snap .
ALL TIED UP
According to the NFL , this is the first time since 1973 that there were two ties in the first two weeks of the season . The Lions - Packers game , along with the Eagles - Giants game , each ended a tie in week 2 that year .
It 's also the first time in league history that a game ended in a 29 - 29 tie .
QUOTABLE
' ' We 're disappointed with the outcome . Had a number of opportunities to come away with the win , but the tie , as they say , it is what is . '' - Packers coach Mike McCarthy .
INJURIES
Vikings starting right tackle Rashad Hill had to be helped off the field with a right ankle injury in the third quarter . He was then carted to the locker room after getting to the sideline .
UP NEXT
Vikings : Host the Buffalo Bills on Sept. 23
Packers : Visit the Washington Redskins on Sept. 23 .
