Peterson runs for 120 yards , 2 TDs , Skins top Packers 31 - 17
LANDOVER , Md. ( AP ) A week removed from what he called ' ' an embarrassment , '' Adrian Peterson turned in his first 100-yard game in more than 10 months .
Peterson ran for 120 yards and a pair of 2-yard scores , Alex Smith threw two touchdown passes and the Washington Redskins held on Sunday for a 31 - 17 victory over a gimpy Aaron Rodgers and the Green Bay Packers , who again had complaints about a roughing - the - passer penalty on Clay Matthews .
On a rainy afternoon , the Redskins ( 2 - 1 ) went up 14 - 0 and were ahead 28 - 10 at halftime , thanks to putting together TD drives of 74 , 75 , 79 and 98 yards .
Smith connected for TDs of 46 yards to Paul Richardson on the game 's fourth play and of 9 to Jamison Crowder in the second quarter , and Peterson 's two short trips to the end zone also both came in the first half . After gaining only 20 yards on 11 carries during a 21 - 9 loss to the Indianapolis Colts in Week 2 , Peterson ran 19 times Sunday and raised his career total to 102 rushing touchdowns .
That broke a tie at 100 with Marshall Faulk and Shaun Alexander and moved him alone into seventh place in NFL history behind Emmitt Smith 's record of 164 . Next up at No . 6 is former Redskins star John Riggins , at 104 .
' ' It felt good to get into ` The 100 Club . ' I have a little time off now . Maybe I can look and see who I ' m approaching , '' said the 33-year - old Peterson , referring to Washington 's Week 4 bye . ' ' Riggins , he 's a guy that I do remember seeing up there on the list and thinking , ` God willing , I 'll be able to pass him eventually . ' "
This was Peterson 's 52nd game with at least 100 yards on the ground , and first since Nov. 5 , 2017 , for Arizona against San Francisco .
Peterson left the game late after getting kicked in the ankle , but coach Jay Gruden dismissed that as nothing to worry about . Before that , Peterson had a 41-yard run , part of a group of big plays allowed by the Packers that included Smith 's TD toss to Richardson , a 50-yard completion to Vernon Davis and a 34-yard completion to Jordan Reed .
' ' We just came out and laid an egg in the first half . ... Missed tackles . Missed assignments , '' said Matthews , who was whistled for the way he sacked Smith late in the third quarter , then complained about the way NFL games are officiated nowadays .
Smith went 12 for 20 for 220 yards . He also had his streak of 156 consecutive passes without an interception , the longest active run in the league , end in the second quarter . Safety Ha Ha Clinton - Dix made the pick when Reed went one way and Smith threw another .
Playing with a bulky brace on his left knee , which he hurt in Week 1 , Rodgers hobbled and limped around , and could n't do enough to get the Packers ( 1 - 1 - 1 ) back into the game .
He finished 27 for 44 for 265 yards with two TDs - of 64 yards to Geronimo Allison and 2 yards to Davante Adams - and was sacked four times .
' ' I got a little banged up , but finished the game and I expect to start next week , '' Rodgers said . ' ' It can be painful at times moving around , especially lateral movement . But I ' m going to be out there if I ' m up to it and try and get this thing back turned the right direction with a win next week . ''
Green Bay 's receivers had problems with drops , plus Randall Cobb was stripped of the ball by Fabian Moreau - Josh Norman recovered the fumble - after a completion with about 5 1/2 minutes remaining in the fourth quarter .
' ' I did n't give us an opportunity to win . Third - down drop on the first drive . Fourth - down drop . Fumble , '' Cobb said . ' ' I played terrible . ''
Right after that , Peterson helped seal the outcome , with three runs in a row for a total of 26 yards - a greater output than he managed in the entire game against the Colts .
' ' In the fourth quarter there , when we needed it the most , '' Gruden said , ' ' Adrian was able to make a big impact . ''
INJURIES
Packers : DL Muhammad Wilkerson was carted off in the second quarter with an ankle injury . ... RT Bryan Bulaga ( back ) and RG Justin McCray ( shoulder ) went out . ... LB Nick Perry was evaluated for a concussion .
Redskins : RT Morgan Moses exited in the first quarter with a concussion . He was replaced by Ty Nsekhe . ... Gruden said Norman had ' ' a little bit of a hamstring issue . ''
GO , PACK , GO !
There were several times when loud cheers of ' ' Go , Pack , go ! '' rang out in the Redskins ' stadium , a week after there were boos and Washington 's home sellout streak ended . ' ' It 's crazy . They brought their fans to the hotel we 're staying in , '' Norman said . ' ' Then you saw them in the stands . ''
UP NEXT
Packers : Host the Buffalo Bills .
Redskins : Bye week , play Oct. 8 at New Orleans .
