Matt Patricia - led Lions beat Bill Belichick , Patriots 26 - 10
DETROIT ( AP ) Matt Patricia weaved his way through a crowd to hug the man who helped him live a dream .
Patricia beat mentor Bill Belichick , seemingly making all the right moves to help the Detroit Lions defeat the New England Patriots 26 - 10 Sunday night .
' ' I ' m sure it meant a lot , his first win as a head coach , '' Detroit quarterback Matthew Stafford said . ' ' Probably no sweeter than to do it against your old team .
' ' We needed this one . ''
The Lions ( 1 - 2 ) suddenly looked like a team with a plan on offense and defense under their first - year coach , and former New England assistant . They opened the season with a 31-point loss to the New York Jets at home and fell short in a comeback at San Francisco .
Patricia was given a game ball by his players , but refused to relish in the moment .
' ' I ' m just happy for the guys , '' he said . ' ' They 're the ones who deserve it , '' he said .
The Patriots ( 1 - 2 ) have had weaknesses exposed on both sides of the ball , losing two of their first three games for the first time since 2012 .
And , Belichick was in no mood to reflect on his former defensive coordinator earning his first win .
' ' My job is my football team , '' said Belichick , who is 14 - 9 against former assistants . ' ' That 's what I ' m worried about . That 's what I ' m concerned about . ''
Patricia and Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also hugged briefly at midfield after the game and other New England players made a point of connecting with their former coach .
Detroit was in control from the start , creating holes for rookie running back Kerryon Johnson and giving Matthew Stafford time to pass .
Johnson had 101 yards rushing on 16 carries , becoming the first player to reach the mark for the Lions since Reggie Bush ran for 117 yards against Green Bay on Nov. 28 , 2013 . Detroit 's 70-game stretch without a 100-yard rusher was the longest since the NFL - AFL merger .
' ' We knew we needed to run the ball and take some of the pressure off Stafford and the receivers if we wanted to win this game , '' Johnson said . ' ' The offensive line was hitting holes and we were attacking . That 's the most physical game they ' ve played all year , and we were able to take advantage of it . ''
Brady pulled the Patriots within three points on a 10-yard TD pass to James White early in the third .
Detroit refused to let the five - time Super Bowl - winning quarterback get any closer .
Stafford responded with a 33-yard TD pass , capping a 10-play , 75-yard drive that took more than 6 minutes off the clock .
Darius Slay picked off Brady 's pass at the Detroit 15 midway through the fourth quarter , helping the Lions seal the win .
While Patricia and his players downplayed how much he could help them prepare for a team he helped coach the previous 14 years , Slay said it was a factor .
' ' He knows everything about that team and he made sure we knew it as well , '' Slay said .
THE QBS
Stafford was 27 of 36 for 262 yards with two touchdowns and an interception . Brady was 12 of 24 for 113 yards with a touchdown and an interception .
THAT 'S COACHING
Detroit ran the play clock down often in the second half , seemingly choosing to shorten the game and keep Brady off the field .
' ' That was a key part of the game , '' Patricia said . ' ' You certainly do n't want to give the ball back to them . ''
Fans booed at Ford Field when Patricia chose to kick a 38-yard field goal instead of going for it on fourth - and-1 .
' ' Any points against a team like that is going to be a good thing , '' Stafford said . ' ' We had a positive drive and you would hate to come away from it with no points . ''
Patricia also won a challenge , getting a call overturned that gave Stafford a 5-yard touchdown pass to put Detroit ahead 10 - 0 .
ALMOST A LION
New England tight end Rob Gronkowski confirmed an ESPN report in which sources said he threatened to retire instead of being traded to Detroit in the offseason .
' ' Yeah , it happened , '' Gronkowski said . ' ' Brady 's my quarterback . That 's all . I ' m not going anywhere without Brady . ''
INJURY REPORT
Patriots : WR Josh Gordon ( hamstring ) was inactive , delaying his New England debut , after warming up with teammates . S Patrick Chung and DE Trey Flowers were inactive because of concussions . RB Rex Burkhead left the game in the second half with a neck injury .
Lions : DE Ezekiel Ansah ( shoulder ) was inactive .
UP NEXT
Patriots : Hosts the AFC - East leading Miami Dolphins ( 3 - 0 ) .
Lions : Play at Dallas ( 1 - 2 ) .
