Trubisky throws for 6 TDs , Bears pound Buccaneers 48 - 10
CHICAGO ( AP ) From the moment they identified him as the quarterback to lift their struggling franchise , the Chicago Bears envisioned big games from Mitchell Trubisky .
As breakthroughs go , this was a huge one .
Trubisky threw a career - high six touchdown passes - one shy of the NFL record - and the NFC North - leading Bears pounded the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 48 - 10 on Sunday .
The Bears ( 3 - 1 ) won their third straight with Trubisky delivering the sort of performance general manager Ryan Pace envisioned when he traded up a spot to draft the prized quarterback with the No . 2 overall pick last year .
He finished one TD pass short of the franchise mark set by Sid Luckman against the New York Giants in 1943 . Luckman is tied with seven others in NFL history to throw seven TD passes in a game . The Bears also racked up 483 yards in this one , nearly matching their record of 488 in that same game , on the way to their highest point total since 51 - 20 victory over Tennessee in 2012 .
' ' It 's very humbling because you know the history of the Bears and how many great players have come through this organization , '' Trubisky said . ' ' For me , you 're just trying to create your own legacy and try to make a path . ''
The defense did its part , harassing Ryan Fitzpatrick before Jameis Winston took over to start the second half . And the Bears ( 3 - 1 ) matched their longest win streak since a 3 - 0 start in 2013 .
Trubisky had never thrown for more than two touchdowns in a game . But he tossed five in the first half alone as Chicago grabbed a 38 - 3 lead . The only other player with more in a single half since 1991 was Green Bay 's Aaron Rodgers with six in the first two quarters against the Bears in a romp at Lambeau Field in November 2014 .
Trubisky had no trouble finding wide - open receivers against a struggling secondary , completing 19 of 26 passes for 354 yards .
' ' Hopefully , this is a day where we look back down the road here , '' Bears coach Matt Nagy said , ' ' and say , ` Remember that day where he had that great game ? ' And it helped catapult him into being a great quarterback . ''
Khalil Mack had a strip - sack in the first half against Fitzpatrick . That made him the first player with a sack and forced fumble in four straight games since Robert Mathis for Indianapolis in 2005 . He also appeared to tip the ball as Winston released a pass that Danny Trevathan picked off on the first drive of the second half .
OVERMATCHED
Coming off a tight loss to Pittsburgh on Monday night , the Buccaneers ( 2 - 2 ) were simply overwhelmed in this one .
' ' We should fire every person that was on that field today , starting with me . That was horrific , '' coach Dirk Koetter said .
Koetter said Winston ' ' probably '' did enough to regain the starting job , but would n't quite commit to that .
Tampa Bay decided to stick with Fitzpatrick as the starting quarterback even though Winston was back from a three - game suspension for violating the NFL 's personal conduct policy .
But after becoming the first player in NFL history to top 400 yards passing in three consecutive games , Fitzpatrick was 9 of 18 for 126 yards and got sacked twice . Winston was 16 for 20 with 145 yards , one touchdown and two interceptions .
CATCHING ON
Chicago 's Tarik Cohen had a career - high 121 yards receiving and a touchdown . Taylor Gabriel had a personal - best 104 yards receiving to go with two TD catches .
Trey Burton caught a 39-yard touchdown on the game 's opening drive and finished with 86 yards .
Allen Robinson caught a 14-yarder late in the first quarter - his first TD since signing with Chicago in the offseason .
HICKS EJECTED
Bears defensive tackle Akiem Hicks was ejected for pushing an official late in the first half .
The incident occurred after Eddie Jackson intercepted a pass by Fitzpatrick . Hicks was involved in a scuffle away from the play with a Buccaneers player . Down judge Mike Carr had separated them when Hicks charged back and pushed the official , referee Jerome Boger told a pool reporter .
' ' It was just a deliberate act , when he knew the official was there in - between , '' Boger said .
Hicks remained on the sideline for a few plays before leaving the field and threw his shoulder pads and jersey into the stands .
NATIONAL ANTHEM
There were no obvious protests by either team .
INJURIES
Buccaneers : TE O.J. Howard left in the first half because of a knee injury . ... CB Carlton Davis III aggravated a groin injury .
Bears : LB Sam Acho left in the first half with a pectoral injury .
UP NEXT
Buccaneers : Have bye week . At Atlanta on Oct. 14 .
Bears : Have bye week . At Miami on Oct. 14 .
