Janikowski 's late FG spoils Rosen 's 1st start
GLENDALE , Ariz. ( AP ) Sebastian Janikowski 's 40-year - old leg had failed him twice earlier in the game on Sunday .
But when it mattered most , the kick went through .
Janikowski kicked a 52-yard field goal as time expired to give Seattle a 20 - 17 victory over Arizona on Sunday and spoil the strong debut of Cardinals rookie Josh Rosen as the starting quarterback .
Jankowski had missed field goals of 38 and 52 yards .
' ' There is always a next kick , '' Janikowski said . ' ' You turn the next page and you try to forget the first one , but it was rough today . My confidence is always there . I prepare myself in practice . I know what I can do but it is all mental . ''
The Seahawks ( 2 - 2 ) mounted their winning drive after Arizona 's 43-year - old kicker , Phil Dawson , missed a 45-yard field goal that would have given the lead to Arizona ( 0 - 4 ) with 1:50 to play .
' ' It was a terrible kick , no excuses , '' Dawson said . ' ' I did n't do my job , just a good , old - fashioned miss . ''
The Cardinals are 0 - 4 for the first time since 1986 , two years before they moved from St. Louis , but at least they could point to the poised play of their young QB in his starting debut .
' ' Hopefully , I can play in the NFL for a while , '' he said afterward .
Rosen completed 15 of 27 passes for 180 yards and a touchdown with no interceptions . He had several passes dropped .
' ' I ca n't keep saying it enough , '' Arizona first - year coach Steve Wilks said . ' ' The guy 's very poised , very confident and I like him back there commanding the huddle and running this offense . You can see the difference . ''
He threw a 22-yard touchdown pass to Chad Williams to tie it at 17 - 17 with 8:59 to play , then directed the drive to set up Dawson 's errant field goal try . Dawson also missed from 50 in the game .
THOMAS HURT
Seattle 's Earl Thomas was hurt on the Arizona TD pass and carted to the locker room with a left leg injury . After the game , coach Pete Carroll said Thomas had a lower leg fracture . The Seattle player , embroiled in a contract dispute with the team , made an obscene gesture toward the Seattle side of the field as he was being carted off .
' ' Earl wanted an extension and at the end of the day he did n't get that , '' Seahawks defensive end Frank Clark said . ' ' It sucks to see a guy who puts his heart into something , put his all into his team and he does n't get what he deserves . ''
DAVIS ' BIG DAY
It was by far the biggest day of Mike Davis ' career .
' ' I just feel like I have been slept on ever since I came into the NFL , '' he said , explaining his touchdown celebration routine , when he lies as if asleep and then bursts awake . ' ' It 's just a reminder that I will wake them up one day . ''
Davis rushed for 101 yards and a pair of touchdowns in 21 carries after being pushed into extra duty by the absence of starter Chris Carson , out with a hip injury .
Davis scored on a 20-yard sweep early and bulled in from a yard out for the go - ahead touchdown with a minute left in the third quarter .
Seattle improved to 5 - 0 - 1 in its past six trips to the desert .
David Johnson had his best game of the season for Arizona , rushing for 71 yards and catching three for 41 yards .
With the score tied at 10 , the Seahawks ' Russell Wilson threw to David Moore on a 30-yard play to the Arizona 23 . After a pair of penalties against the Cardinals , Davis scored on a 1-yard run to put Seattle back in the lead at 17 - 10 .
But Rosen had completions of 31 yards to Ricky Seals - Jones and 30 yards on a screen to Johnson before throwing 22 yards to Chad Williams for his first NFL TD to tie it at 17 - 17 with 8:59 remaining .
Arizona led 10 - 7 at the half on Johnson 's 1-yard TD run and Dawson 's 23-yard field goal .
Seattle used up 7:46 of the third quarter with a 14-play drive that ended with Janikowski 's 40-yard field goal that tied it at 10 - 10 with 4:59 left in the quarter .
INJURIES & INACTIVES
In the first quarter , rookie Will Dissly , the Seahawks ' starting tight end , was carted into the locker room with a knee injury . Thomas was hurt defending Williams on the TD catch .
After losing his starting job to Rosen , Sam Bradford was inactive . Mike Glennon was the backup quarterback , active for the first time this season .
UP NEXT
Seahawks : host the Los Angeles Rams next Sunday .
Cardinals : play the 49ers in San Francisco next Sunday .
