Brown scores twice , Steelers roll past reeling Falcons 41 - 17
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) Ben Roethlisberger let the ball go before Antonio Brown broke out of his route and turned toward the pylon . It was throw that required anticipation and trust , the kind the Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback and All - Pro wide receiver have connected on countless times during their near - decade together .
But not all years , or throws , are created equal .
Following a turbulent opening month in which the two stars struggled to develop anything resembling their usual rhythm , Roethlisberger 's perfectly timed 9-yard touchdown flip to Brown early in the second half of Sunday 's 41 - 17 romp over reeling Atlanta felt cathartic .
Brown dropped to his knees and raised his arms to the sky . Roethlisberger eschewed his usually understated celebration for an emphatic fist pump . When the two hooked up again early in the fourth quarter - a 47-yard strike down the left sideline that sealed Pittsburgh 's most complete performance of the season - all the frustration that appeared to be bubbling near the surface dissipated .
' ' We know we got to stay together regardless of what 's being said , '' Brown said . ' ' All of my catches , all of my touchdowns are from him , and that 's my guy . I live and die with him and the Wi - Fi was lit . ''
No buffering . No squabbling . No temper tantrums . The Steelers ( 2 - 2 - 1 ) hope all of that is behind them after a week when Brown said his ' ' Wi - Fi '' connection with Roethlisberger was a bit shaky .
' ' Obviously , we got some things rolling , '' Brown said after finishing with six receptions for 101 yards and the two touchdowns . ' ' Everyone uplifted each other , believed in each other and the energy was great . ''
And necessary . While head coach Mike Tomlin allowed that ' ' it 's going to be quite some time before we get that September stench off of us , '' his team responded with a dominant effort on both sides of the ball .
Roethlisberger finished with 250 yards passing and three touchdowns . James Conner ran for 110 yards and two scores and added 75 yards receiving . The defense sacked Atlanta 's Matt Ryan six times and held Falcons wide receiver Julio Jones without a catch until the fourth quarter .
' ' I do n't know if it was a ` turnaround game , ' but it 's a game that we needed for sure because we know what we can do , '' Steelers cornerback Joe Haden said . ' ' We know how talented we are . ''
Even if Pittsburgh did n't exactly play like it over the opening four weeks , a stretch in which the club could n't seem to avoid distractions off the field - the continued absence of running back Le'Veon Bell and Brown 's social media missteps chief among them - or make enough plays on it .
A sense of normalcy returned against the Falcons ( 1 - 4 ) . Conner , tasked with filling in for Bell while Bell waits ... and waits ... to sign his franchise tender , piled up 99 total yards in the first quarter alone . Conner soared for a 1-yard touchdown on Pittsburgh 's opening drive and raced in from 2 yards out in the third quarter as the Steelers turned a 13 - 10 halftime lead into a blowout .
' ' I was trying to set the tone early and we just had to start fast , '' Conner said .
And finish even faster .
Pittsburgh had been shut out in the second half each of the last two weeks but scored four touchdowns in the final 23 minutes , the last coming when linebacker LJ Fort fell on a fumble by Ryan in the end zone with 3:35 to play .
' ' Hopefully this performance can catapult us in the right direction , '' Fort said .
FALCONS FIZZLE
The expected shootout between two of the NFL 's best offenses - and worst defenses - never materialized . Atlanta trailed by 13 points by the end of the first quarter , scrambled to get back into it by halftime but never threatened after the break .
Ryan completed 26 of 38 passes for 285 yards and a touchdown but also spent a significant portion of the afternoon under duress and could n't get the ball to Jones when it mattered . Jones , who entered the game leading the NFL in yards receiving , caught five passes for a season - low 62 yards , all of them coming with the outcome basically decided .
' ' Obviously we want to get him involved , '' Ryan said of Jones . ' ' They made a pretty concerted effort to take him out and that created opportunities elsewhere . ''
Mohamed Sanu caught four passes for 73 yards and a touchdown for Atlanta , but Devonta Freeman ran just eight times for 32 yards after missing three games because of injury . The Falcons managed 62 yards rushing and Pittsburgh teed off .
IT 'S A ... FOOTBALL
Pittsburgh second - year wide receiver JuJu Smith - Schuster added a new routine to his ever - expanding touchdown celebration repertoire : The ebullient 21-year - old feigned giving birth after hauling in an 18-yard score from Roethlisberger in the first half . Conner served as the obstetrician , handing the ball to Smith - Schuster , who rocked it to sleep .
TOMLIN ANGRY
The Steelers were called for a pair of unnecessary roughness penalties for hits on Ryan , one on linebacker Jon Bostic and the other on linebacker T.J. Watt , who tried but failed to pull his hands back in time when he went low on Ryan in the first half . While Tomlin stressed both calls were legitimate , he also expressed frustration in general .
' ' Some of the other stuff is a joke , '' Tomlin said . ' ' We ' ve got to get better in ( the NFL ) . These penalties are costing people games and jobs . ''
UP NEXT
Falcons : Welcome Tampa Bay to Atlanta next Sunday . The Falcons have won the last three meetings with the Buccaneers .
Steelers : Travel to AFC North rival Cincinnati next Sunday . Pittsburgh swept the season series from the Bengals last season .
