Lions take advantage of mistakes in 31 - 23 win over Packers
DETROIT ( AP ) The Detroit Lions took advantage of some mistakes they forced Green Bay to make and were fortunate some breaks simply went their way .
Matthew Stafford threw two touchdown passes and LeGarrette Blount ran for two scores , lifting the Lions to a 31 - 23 win over the Packers on Sunday .
Detroit ( 2 - 3 ) earned a win it desperately needed under first - year coach Matt Patricia , going into its bye week .
' ' We get two weeks to 10 days to sit on whatever happens , '' said Stafford , who was 14 of 26 for 183 yards with two TDs and no turnovers . ' ' And , it feels a whole lot better with a win . ''
Green Bay ( 2 - 2 - 1 ) was doomed because veteran Mason Crosby had the worst game of his life and two - time NFL MVP Aaron Rodgers lost two fumbles for just the third time in his 14-year career .
' ' We just could n't overcome all the things we did wrong , '' Packers coach Mike McCarthy said . ' ' We did some good things in the second half , but you ca n't dig yourself that kind of hole . ''
Crosby missed a career - high four field goals in one game and failed to make an extra point to boot . He connected on a field goal with 2 seconds left , but that was n't of much consolation after his poor performance .
' ' I look back and I ' m thinking , in my childhood , in high school , this is definitely one of the worst ones , '' said Crosby , the first NFL kicker to miss four field goals in a game since 2010 .
Detroit recovered an onside kick to seal the win , preventing Rodgers from getting another chance at a game - winning Hail Mary in Detroit like the one he threw in 2015 .
The Lions built a big lead in the first half , picking up where they left off in their last home game , a 16-point win over the New England Patriots .
Blount had a pair of 1-yard TD runs in the first quarter and Stafford 's 8-yard pass to Marvin Jones late in the second quarter put Detroit up 24 - 0 .
Patricia , though , did n't think the Lions ' cushion was comfortable .
' ' Unfortunately , I ' ve seen that quarterback on the other side there crush a lot of leads pretty quickly and come back , '' said Patricia , a former Patriots defensive coordinator .
Rodgers , missing injured receivers Randall Cobb and Geronimo Allison , threw short TDs to rookie Marquez Valdes - Scantling and Lance Kendricks in the third to pull the Packers within 10 points .
Stafford answered with a 5-yard TD pass to Kenny Golladay early in the fourth quarter to give Detroit a 31 - 14 lead .
' ' It was big to chew up some time to give our defense a little bit of a rest and come away with some points , '' Stafford said .
Rodgers connected with Davante Adams on a 12-yard throw for a third TD pass , but Crosby hit the left upright on the extra point to let the Lions keep an 11-point lead midway through the fourth quarter . Adams has scored in 10 straight road games , equaling a league record set by Tommy McDonald of the Philadelphia Eagles from 1959 to 1961 .
Rodgers was 32 of 52 for 442 yards - the second - highest total of his career - with three TD passes .
' ' We ' ve been a one - half team all year , '' he said . ' ' We need to do something about that . ''
STREAKING
The Lions , who did n't face Rodgers last year , have won three straight in the series for the first time the 1990 - 91 seasons .
SOUND STRATEGY
Detroit had success on defense , going after Rodgers with just four players and dropping seven into coverage . Rodgers held onto the ball to wait for receivers to get open , but they could n't , and it led to three sacks and his two fumbles .
' ' They gave up rushers in order to extend plays , and they got some turnovers out of it , '' McCarthy said . ' ' We 're usually successful in those situations , but they did some good things . ''
INJURY REPORT
Packers : LB Nick Perry ( ankle ) and CB Kevin King ( chin ) were hurt during the game .
Lions : RB Kerryon Johnson , who ran for 70 yards on 12 carries , went out in the fourth quarter after appearing to hurt his right ankle . CB Teez Tabor ( groin ) and CB Jamal Agnew ( knee ) also left the game with injuries .
UP NEXT
Packers : Host San Francisco on Monday , Oct. 15 .
Lions : Off until playing at Miami on Oct. 21 .
