Ravens pile up team - record 11 sacks , shut out Titans 21 - 0
NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( AP ) The Baltimore Ravens posed for photos on the sideline as the clock ticked down the final seconds , making sure to remember the moment .
A franchise - record 11 sacks - one shy of the NFL record for a game - must be preserved and celebrated .
Za'Darius Smith finished with a career - high three sacks , and Patrick Onwuasor got his first two this season as the Ravens shut down the Tennessee Titans 21 - 0 in the rain Sunday . They just missed matching the NFL record shared by five teams .
' ' Just a historic defensive performance , '' Ravens coach John Harbaugh said .
The Ravens started sacking Marcus Mariota on the opening drive , with eight different Ravens getting at least one sack . Four got their first of the season :
- Nose tackle Chris Wormley got the first on the Titans ' sixth play .
- Smith got the second on the very next snap .
- Safety Anthony Levine Sr . got No . 3 at the end of the first quarter .
- Onwuasor notched No . 4 in the second quarter .
- Smith followed again with his second two plays later .
- Terrell Suggs got No . 6 on the next drive .
- Safety Tony Jefferson sacked Mariota for No . 7 midway through the third .
- Cornerback Tavon Young added No . 8 late in the third .
- Linebacker Matthew Judon tied the franchise mark on the Titans ' first play in the fourth quarter .
- Onwuasor set a new mark on the Titans ' final first down .
- Smith finished with his third of the game and No . 11 overall on third - and-11 .
Smith said the Ravens did n't know how many sacks they had until tying the team record of nine and were told they could break the record set Nov. 24 , 2011 , against San Francisco .
' ' So we went and got two more , '' Smith said with a laugh .
The Ravens even changed their Twitter handle to have an ' 'S '' for each sack .
Dean Pees and the Titans simply could n't stop his old team as the Ravens outgained Tennessee 361 - 106 and punted only once against a defense led by their former defensive coordinator . Pees came out of a short retirement to join first - year head coach Mike Vrabel .
Joe Flacco threw for 238 yards and a touchdown for Baltimore . Alex Collins scored on TD runs of 13 and 2 yards .
The Titans ( 3 - 3 ) lost their second straight and were shut out at home for the first time since leaving Houston for Tennessee in 1997 . Tennessee also has not scored a touchdown in eight straight quarters . The Ravens could n't have looked much better handing Tennessee its first shutout since Nov. 28 , 2010 .
' ' The Tennessee Titans did n't do nearly enough in all levels to win the football game , or even make it competitive , '' Vrabel said .
Marcus Mariota tried playing both with and without the partial glove covering his ring and pinkie fingers on his throwing hand . It did n't help as Mariota was sacked the most in his four - year NFL career .
Mariota said he had never had a game like this . He ran twice for 25 yards and was 10 of 15 for 117 yards while being pummeled .
' ' We ' ve got to do better , '' Mariota said .
The Titans forced a turnover with All - Pro safety Kevin Byard getting his first interception this season . Tennessee did nothing with the ball late in the first half .
Baltimore executed nearly flawlessly from winning the coin toss . The Ravens converted 12 of 17 third downs , not counting another off a Titans penalty . They also held the ball for more than 37 minutes .
Flacco drove Baltimore 94 yards over 17 plays , eating up more than nine minutes of the first quarter before hitting Michael Crabtree on a 4-yard TD . Collins capped their next drive with a 13-yard run and a 14 - 0 lead early in the second quarter . After halftime , Collins finished off a 78-yard drive that ate up 7:20 of the third quarter .
The Ravens quarterback enjoyed watching his teammates ' defensive performance .
' ' It 's fun to watch when they 're over there doing those kind of things , '' Flacco said .
INJURIES
Ravens left guard Alex Lewis was taken to Vanderbilt University Medical Center with a neck injury after being hurt within the first minute of the fourth quarter . Lewis had been blocking on a run by Gus Edwards when he turned away from the pile slowly and went down . Trainers strapped him to a backboard and carted him off the field .
Harbaugh said there 's a lot of optimism for Lewis , who was getting a CT scan at the hospital .
' ' We said a prayer as a team for him when we came in , so that 's where our thoughts are right now with Alex , '' Harbaugh said .
Titans linebacker Derrick Morgan hurt a shoulder and did not return . Left guard Quinton Spain hurt his right shoulder with 6:51 left in the third quarter and did not return .
UP NEXT
Ravens : Finally back home hosting New Orleans .
Titans : Franchise 's first game in London as road team against the Chargers .
