Ol' man Rivers leads Chargers to 38 - 14 blowout of Browns
CLEVELAND ( AP ) Ol' man Rivers keeps rolling along .
Philip Rivers threw two touchdown passes to Tyrell Williams - and the 36-year - old quarterback even threw a block - and Melvin Gordon had three TD runs as the Los Angeles Chargers banged around Cleveland rookie Baker Mayfield and the Browns , 38 - 14 on Sunday .
Rivers continued one of the best starts of his 15-year career , leading the Chargers ( 4 - 2 ) to their third straight win . Rivers finished 11 of 20 for 207 yards and had only one mistake , an interception midway through the fourth quarter .
The Chargers did most of their damage on the ground with Gordon running for 132 yards and scoring on runs of 4 , 10 and 11 yards . They had 246 yards rushing .
' ' There have n't been too many days where we ' ve run for more than we ' ve thrown , '' Rivers said with a laugh . ' ' But I 'll take them any time we can get them . ''
Rivers and Williams connected on scoring plays of 45 and 29 yards in the first half , and Gordon 's 11-yard run put the Chargers up 35 - 6 .
Mayfield 's third start as a pro was a rough one . The No . 1 overall pick was sacked five times , tweaked his ankle when he slid on a sideline marker and threw two interceptions .
' ' We did n't execute , '' said Mayfield , who threw a TD pass to tight end David Njoku . ' ' We did n't do our job . We were n't detailed . We did n't do the things that we talked about all week . That 's the most disappointing thing . Any time you do n't do your job - I ' m at fault for the majority of that . I ' m going to be very hard on myself but we have to be able to look at this and learn from it . ''
The Browns ( 2 - 3 - 1 ) were blown out after playing five tight games - three going to overtime - and showed there 's still a long road ahead .
While young QBs like Mayfield , Carson Wentz and Patrick Mahomes may be the NFL 's next wave , Rivers is showing that the old guys can still get the job done . He has thrown 15 TD passes with just three interceptions , and he did all he could to block Browns linebacker Jamie Collins to help Keenan Allen pick up a first down despite the Chargers leading 28 - 6 .
' ' I ' m not real comfortable out there , '' Rivers said . ' ' But I stayed in front and did not get a holding , so that 's a positive . ''
The Chargers were n't surprised by Rivers ' effort .
' ' That 's Phil , '' said Williams , who had three catches for 118 yards . ' ' He 's competitive and he 's going to stick his nose in there if he gets an opportunity . I ' m not surprised at all . ''
Los Angeles caught a break on Rivers ' second TD pass to Williams .
Left tackle Russell Okung clearly dropped back before the ball was snapped . Browns defensive end Myles Garrett stopped , assuming the play would be whistled , and several other players paused while Rivers lofted his scoring pass to Williams .
Williams ' first TD catch was more spectacular . Leaping with three Browns defenders around him , he wrestled the ball way from Browns safety Damarious Randall to give the Chargers a 14 - 3 lead .
OWNER HONORED
Following the game , Chargers coach Anthony Lynn presented a game ball to the family of Alex Spanos , the Chargers owner who died earlier this week . Spanos , who was 95 , bought the team in 1984 .
JUST FOR KICKS
Lynn was relieved the Chargers ' kicking woes did not come into play .
' ' We made all our damn kicks - all the extra points , all the field goals , so that 's an improvement , '' he said .
Rookie Michael Badgley replaced injured starter Caleb Sturgis and made one field goal and all five extra - points in his pro debut after being signed on Thursday .
Sturgis , who has been dealing with a quadriceps injury , missed a field goal and PAT last week . He also missed two extra points in L.A. 's previous game , and the Chargers came in leading the league with four missed PATs .
BROWNS BLASTED
Cleveland 's first five games were decided by four points or less , but Randall was n't concerned about the lopsided loss .
' ' Every team goes through a game like that , '' he said . ' ' I ' m honestly glad it happened early in the season for us , where we have time to correct what happened . ''
THOMAS TRIBUTE
The Browns honored future Hall of Fame tackle Joe Thomas by adding 10,363 - the number of consecutive snaps he played over 11 seasons - to the club 's ring of honor . Thomas retired following last season , which came to a premature end for him when he tore his triceps . He grudgingly retired in March .
' ' I love being in the locker room and the paychecks were really good - but my body just could n't do it anymore , '' said Thomas , who wore an orange Mayfield jersey . ' ' If it were n't for that , I would be out there today . ''
INJURIES
Chargers : DE Christopher Landrum was shaken up in the fourth quarter .
Browns : LB Joe Schobert ( hamstring ) left in the third quarter , and LB James Burgess ( hamstring ) went out in the fourth . ... WR Rod Streater suffered a neck ' ' stinger '' while covering a punt in the first quarter and did not return .
UP NEXT
Chargers : Play Tennessee in London on Oct. 21 .
Browns : Visit Tampa Bay on Oct. 21
