Cousins , Murray lift Vikings past Darnold , Jets 37 - 17
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. ( AP ) Mike Zimmer gathered his team around him in a victorious locker room and let them in on what they just accomplished .
The Minnesota Vikings , he told them , had never defeated the Jets on the road - until Sunday . Kirk Cousins and the rest of his teammates broke out in big cheers to celebrate a 37 - 17 win .
' ' Winning on the road is important in this league , '' Cousins said , ' ' and I was glad we were able to do that . ''
Cousins threw two touchdown passes , Latavius Murray ran for two scores , and the Vikings ( 4 - 2 - 1 ) pulled away in the second half for their third straight victory .
It was n't the best performance of the season by the Vikings ' high - powered offense , but it was certainly good enough against a Jets team that had four turnovers - including interceptions by Harrison Smith , Holton Hill and Trae Waynes .
' ' Any time you score 37 points on the road , you 're doing something right , '' Cousins said . ' ' But there are times where it was n't good enough . We are so grateful for defense and special teams today because it gave us the opportunity to go out and score points . ''
Vikings wide receiver Adam Thielen became the fifth player in NFL history to get at least 100 yards receiving in seven consecutive games , catching nine passes for 110 yards and a touchdown .
Murray , coming off career - high 155 yards rushing against Arizona , finished with 69 yards on 15 carries to help lift the Vikings to their first road win against the Jets after losing the first five meetings away from home .
In his first game against the Jets ( 3 - 4 ) since spurning their massive offer in free agency , Cousins was far from spectacular but made some big plays late . With the game still hanging in the balance and the Vikings facing fourth - and-8 from the 34 , Cousins connected with Aldrick Robinson for a TD to seal it .
Cousins , 25 of 40 for 241 yards , opted to turn down New York 's three - year , $ 90 million deal in the offseason and instead chose to go to Minnesota , which actually signed him to a deal worth $ 6 million less . The Jets insisted this loss did n't sting any more than usual because it was against Cousins .
' ' We do n't care , '' Jets linebacker Darron Lee said . ' ' We only care about us and this team . Do n't try to make this about him . We do n't care . No one ever spoke about that all week . No one cared . ''
After Cousins made his decision , the Jets turned their attention to the draft , where they selected Sam Darnold with the No . 3 overall pick .
In their first meeting , Cousins came out on top - while Darnold struggled on a cold , windy day .
The rookie was 17 of 42 for 206 yards with a TD pass to Chris Herndon and a TD run , but was intercepted three times as New York 's two - game winning streak ended .
' ' I ' ve just got to find completions , '' Darnold said . ' ' That 's really it . And , we ' ve got to do a better job executing . ''
The Vikings took a 17-point lead early in the fourth quarter when Murray followed a 23-yard run with a 38-yard touchdown scamper , his second score of the game .
' ' It was n't pretty early on , '' Murray said , ' ' but we know how important it is to run the ball and we stuck with it . ''
New York was n't done , though .
Darnold 's 17-yard throw to Herndon was initially called a touchdown , but it was ruled after a video review that the tight end 's heel went out of bounds at the 1 . Darnold went in on a quarterback sneak on the next play for the first rushing score of his career , making it 27 - 17 .
After the Vikings went three - and - out , Darnold went deep to Robby Anderson , whose legs got tangled with Xavier Rhodes and both needed to be checked by trainers . Anderson was OK , but Rhodes was helped off the field without putting weight on his left leg . Zimmer said Rhodes has a sprained ankle .
Hill came on in place of Rhodes and immediately picked off Darnold 's pass intended for Andre Roberts . Seven plays later , Cousins put the game away with his TD toss to Robinson .
' ' We had so many opportunities to put that game away earlier , '' Zimmer said . ' ' There were two or three turnovers we did n't take advantage of . ... We ' ve got to overcome ourselves on some of those things . ''
THIELEN FEELIN ' IT
Thielen reached his milestone with a 21-yard catch in the fourth quarter . He joined Detroit 's Calvin Johnson ( eight , 2012 ) , Denver 's Demaryius Thomas ( seven , 2014 ) , Dallas ' Michael Irvin ( seven , 1995 ) and Houston 's Charley Hennigan ( seven , 1961 ) to accomplish the feat .
He and Hennigan are the only players to do so in his team 's first seven games to open the season .
' ' It says it all , '' Cousins said . ' ' He 's a great player . Ultimately , he 's a great person and it starts there the way he approaches everything he does . I ' m lucky to play with him . The Vikings are lucky to have him . ''
THIRD - DOWN STRUGGLES
Minnesota finished 2 of 15 on third downs , while New York was 2 of 13 .
The Vikings first conversion did n't come until midway through the third quarter on Thielen 's 13-yard catch after being 0 for 8 up to that point .
The Jets ' first third - down conversion came late in the third on Darnold 's 6-yard run on third - and-5 .
INJURIES
Vikings : LG Tom Compton left in the first quarter with a knee injury and did n't return . ... LB Anthony Barr left in the fourth with a hamstring injury .
Jets : RB Bilal Powell injured his neck during a 2-yard run in the second quarter . S Doug Middleton , starting in place of the injured Marcus Maye , also left in the second with a shoulder injury . Neither player returned , and coach Todd Bowles said both would have tests to determine the severity of their injuries .
UP NEXT
Vikings : home vs. New Orleans next Sunday .
Jets : at Chicago next Sunday .
