Cam Newton rallies Panthers to 21 - 17 win over Eagles
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) Cam Newton and the Carolina Panthers ruined the Philadelphia Eagles ' dance party .
Newton tossed a 1-yard touchdown pass to Greg Olsen with 1:22 left and the Panthers overcame a 17-point deficit in the fourth quarter to beat the Eagles 21 - 17 on Sunday .
Julius Peppers sacked Carson Wentz , forcing a fumble on fourth down from the Panthers 14 to seal the victory .
The Panthers improved to 4 - 2 with the biggest comeback in franchise history . The defending Super Bowl champion Eagles fell to 3 - 4 .
' ' This place was as advertised , playing in a hostile environment but we overcame that and kept pushing through , '' Newton said . ' ' Good teams have to win on the road and win close games and we did that . ''
After Carolina took the lead , the Eagles started at their 30 . A 48-yard pass interference penalty on James Bradberry against Alshon Jeffery put the ball at the Carolina 22 . Eric Reid appeared to intercept Wentz 's overthrown pass but the play was overturned on a video review . Wentz threw incomplete to Jeffery in the end zone on third - and-2 and was stripped on the next play .
' ' Pressure is off , '' Eagles coach Doug Pederson said . ' ' Nobody thinks we can do anything . A lot of football left . ''
Down 17 - 0 , the Panthers watched a couple of members of Philadelphia 's kickoff team do a choreographed dance while others celebrated as if the game was over during an extended break before the ball was placed on the field .
Then the Panthers started their rally when Curtis Samuel ran in from the 14 on a reverse but Graham Gano missed the extra point .
' ' We collectively got together and knew that we had to up the tempo and have a sense of urgency , '' said Christian McCaffrey , who had 80 yards from scrimmage .
Newton then quickly drove the Panthers 87 yards , tossing an 18-yard pass to Devin Funchess . He connected with Jarius Wright on the 2-point conversion to get Carolina within a field goal with 4:08 left .
The Panthers forced a three - and - out and got the ball at their 31 with 2:17 remaining .
Newton threw three straight incomplete passes , but took a hit on fourth down and still completed a 35-yard catch - and - run pass to Torrey Smith to reach the Philadelphia 34 . A 22-yard pass to McCaffrey gave Carolina first down at the 4 . Newton ran it to the 1 , setting up third down . He threw it to Olsen wide open in the back of the end zone .
Newton finished 25 of 39 for 269 yards and ran for 49 yards .
' ' I took that one extremely personal , '' Newton said of a 23 - 17 loss at Washington last week . ' ' I told myself if we get in that position I have to hold up my end . I did n't want to let anybody down . ''
Wentz 's 11-yard TD pass to Jeffery gave Philadelphia a 7 - 0 lead in the second quarter . Ertz had catches of 15 and 22 yards on the drive and Jeffery hauled in a 20-yard pass before the score .
Jeffery and his teammates had a unique celebration . He placed the ball on the ground and pretended to do a free kick .
Wentz tossed a 1-yard TD to Dallas Goedert to make it 17 - 0 in the third quarter , finishing off a 17-play , 94-yard drive that chewed up 9:22 on the clock .
DO OVERS
Gano made a 39-yard field goal that was nullified by a false start . He missed from 44 yards , but another false start allowed the Panthers to try again and they punted .
NOT GETTING ALONG
Reid and Eagles safety Malcolm Jenkins exchanged words and were separated before the coin toss . The two men have history going back to last year when Reid left The Players Coalition , which was co - founded by Jenkins . Reid and Jenkins are both fighting for the same cause - social and racial injustice - but have disagreed over how to do it . Reid recently called the coalition ' ' an NFL funded subversion group '' and he strongly supports his friend , Colin Kaepernick .
Reid also got into it with Ertz after tackling Wentz following a handoff in the first quarter . Both guys received personal foul penalties .
REID KNEELS
Reid again took a knee during the national anthem . He 's been doing it since Kaepernick , his former teammate on the 49ers , began taking a stance in 2016 .
INJURIES
Panthers : DE Mario Addison twice left the game with a back injury and did n't return after going out in the fourth quarter .
Eagles : RB Darren Sproles ( hamstring ) , CB Sidney Jones ( hamstring ) , DT Haloti Ngata ( calf ) and S Corey Graham ( hamstring ) were among the key players out of the lineup .
UP NEXT
Panthers : Host the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday .
Eagles : Play the Jacksonville Jaguars in London on Sunday .
