Late fumble keeps Rams unbeaten with 29 - 27 win over Packers
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) Aaron Rodgers ca n't lead a game - winning drive if he never gets the ball .
That was the whole idea when Los Angeles ' Ramik Wilson forced a fumble from Green Bay 's Ty Montgomery on a late kickoff return . That was also Todd Gurley 's thought moments later when he stopped running with a clear path to the end zone , keeping Rodgers stuck on the sideline in the unbeaten Rams ' eighth victory .
' ' Man , forget fantasy , '' Gurley said with a grin . ' ' Forget Vegas . We got the win , so that 's all that matters . ''
Greg Zuerlein hit a 34-yard field goal with 2:05 left before Wilson forced and recovered Montgomery 's fumble on the ensuing kickoff , and Gurley 's prudent decision to go down wrapped up the Rams ' 29 - 27 victory over the Green Bay Packers on Sunday .
Jared Goff passed for 295 yards and three touchdowns while the Rams ( 8 - 0 ) were sternly tested by the Packers ( 3 - 3 - 1 ) .
Both teams rallied from 10-point deficits to take a lead in front of a rollicking , bipartisan Coliseum crowd , but the Rams extended their best start since 1969 by capitalizing on two crushing special - teams mistakes by Green Bay .
Rodgers threw for 286 yards , but he did n't get a snap in the final 5:20 .
' ' That was a high - caliber , back - and - forth game , '' Rams coach Sean McVay said . ' ' This team has demonstrated through eight games that while we have a long way to go , this team is capable of winning games in a bunch of different ways . ''
Marquez Valdes - Scantling caught a 40-yard touchdown pass from Rodgers with 8:50 left to put the Packers ahead 27 - 26 , but Goff and Gurley drove the Rams into range for Zuerlein 's second field goal of the fourth quarter after a 25-yard punt by JK Scott .
Montgomery then coughed up his return , and Wilson pounced on the ball .
' ' That play did n't lose the game , but it took away an opportunity to win , '' Rodgers said .
Montgomery declined to talk after the game , but Wilson called his fumble - forcing hit ' ' one of the biggest collisions I 've been in . ''
Packers coach Mike McCarthy said the return man was supposed to take a touchback .
' ' You trust your players on tough decisions , close decisions , '' McCarthy said . ' ' I think Ty was just trying to make a play . ''
In the final minute , Gurley ran 17 yards for a key first down and stopped before reaching the end zone , allowing the Rams to run out the clock .
Josh Reynolds caught two touchdown passes for Los Angeles . Gurley had 114 yards rushing and 81 yards receiving , and he scored a touchdown in his franchise record - tying 11th consecutive game on a 30-yard pass in the third quarter .
' ' That was probably my favorite ( win ) of the year , '' said Goff , who went 19 for 35 without an interception .
The Rams faced their largest deficit of the remarkable season when they trailed 10 - 0 early in the second quarter , but they calmly turned it into a 23 - 13 lead late in the third .
Rodgers answered with two touchdown drives to grab a one - point lead for Green Bay in the fourth quarter , but Goff countered his fellow Cal product and childhood hero after Aaron Donald sacked Rodgers on third down to stop the Packers ' next drive .
' ' The urgency has to pick up , but there 's no momentum gained from a loss , '' Rodgers said . ' ' We can play with anybody , but we already knew that before this game . It 's not like this was some revelation . ''
Both teams had loud contingents of fans at the Coliseum , where Green Bay won the first Super Bowl in 1967 . The Packers were greeted by a rowdy bunch of California Cheeseheads in Green Bay 's first trip to Los Angeles since the NFL returned in 2016 .
After Reynolds scored on a 19-yard grab late in the third , the Packers responded with Aaron Jones ' 33-yard TD draw run up the middle with 13 seconds left .
GURLEY AND CRAZYLEGS
Gurley 's scoring catch put Los Angeles ahead in the third quarter . The grab also extended Gurley 's TD streak to tie the Rams record set by Elroy ' ' Crazylegs '' Hirsch in 1950 - 51 . Gurley leads the NFL with 15 touchdowns , and he became the fourth player in league history to score at least 15 touchdowns in the first eight games of a season , joining Jim Brown ( 17 in 1958 ) and Priest Holmes ( 15 in 2002 and 2004 ) .
SHIELDS SHINES
Sam Shields made several big plays for LA against his former team . The veteran defensive back caught a pass from Johnny Hekker on a fake punt , and he later downed a punt at the Green Bay 1 to set up the Rams ' defense for its safety . Shields played seven seasons with the Packers before his fourth concussion in 2016 nearly ended his career , but he returned to the NFL with the Rams this season .
INJURIES
Packers : WR Randall Cobb had four catches for 40 yards in his return from a three - game absence with a hamstring injury .
Rams : WR Cooper Kupp missed his second straight game with a knee injury , opening the chance for Reynolds to shine .
UP NEXT
Packers : At New England on Nov. 4 .
Rams : At New Orleans on Nov. 4 .
