Trubisky throws 2 TDs as Bears beat Jets 24 - 10
CHICAGO ( AP ) The Chicago Bears got the win they sorely needed , only to lose another key player .
Guard Kyle Long had to be helped off the field in the closing minutes with an injured right foot , putting a damper on a 24 - 10 victory over the New York Jets on Sunday .
Mitchell Trubisky threw for two touchdowns , and the Bears ( 4 - 3 ) came out on top after dropping two in a row to fall out of the NFC North lead . But they might have to get by without their three - time Pro Bowl lineman after Long was injured in the closing minutes . That was another hit for a team that was already missing star pass rusher star pass rusher Khalil Mack ( right ankle ) and No . 1 receiver Allen Robinson ( groin ) .
Long was hurt when tight end Dion Sims rolled into him as the two were blocking for Jordan Howard on a run , adding to a long list of injuries for the star lineman .
He had surgery on his right ankle following the 2016 season and operations on his shoulder , elbow and neck after he was shut down late last year . Coach Matt Nagy said the team will know more about Long 's latest injury in the next few days .
' ' Ca n't say enough about Kyle , how much he loves this organization , '' Trubisky said . ' ' To see a guy go down like that , it hurts . We 'll just try to pick him up and rally behind him any way we can . He knows we love him and we 're just gon na hope for the best . ''
Though the Bears were missing their best defensive player , Sam Darnold struggled and the Jets ( 3 - 5 ) managed just 207 yards in losing their second straight game .
Trubisky was shaky but did enough to help the Bears come out on top . He connected with Tarik Cohen for a 70-yard touchdown on a screen in the first quarter and threw a 4-yard scoring pass to Anthony Miller in the third , making it 14 - 3 . But the second - year pro was wild again after struggling with his control against New England the previous week .
Trubisky was 16 of 29 for 220 yards . He also ran for 51 on six attempts .
' ' Overall , we just found a way and ground it out , '' he said . ' ' It was a lot better in the second half than the first half . We stuck together , stuck to the plan and executed our plays . ''
Cohen 's lone reception was the big touchdown . He also ran for 40 yards on five carries .
Howard ran for 81 yards and a touchdown . He scored from the 2 to make it 24 - 10 midway through the fourth quarter , sealing the win after tight losses to Miami and the Patriots .
Coming off his worst game as a pro with three interceptions , Darnold was 14 of 29 for a career - low 153 yards in his eighth NFL start . On the plus side , he did not throw an interception in this one .
' ' I mean , we just could n't really get anything going , '' running back Isaiah Crowell said . ' ' I 've got to watch the film , but I mean it was frustrating at the same time . ''
LONG TD
Chicago grabbed a 7 - 0 lead in the first quarter when Cohen turned a screen from Trubisky against an all - out blitz into a 70-yard touchdown . It was the longest play from scrimmage by the Bears this season .
' ' It was just a great call by the offensive staff , '' Cohen said . ' ' We ran the screen into a blitz and usually that 's a good thing . When I turned upfield , I just did n't see anybody . I was kind of nervous not to see anybody and I just saw green grass so I took it . ''
Jets inside linebacker Avery Williamson said he blew the coverage on that play .
' ' I had to hug him up and I did n't , '' he said . ' ' Mental error , so that was on me . Just got to know what I got to do in that situation . It was a miscue . ''
ANTHEM
There were no protests by either team during the national anthem .
INJURIES
Jets : TE Neal Sterling left with a concussion in the second quarter when he got hit by Chicago 's Kyle Fuller after making a catch . Coach Todd Bowles confirmed Sterling has a concussion . .. DL Steve McLendon suffered an ankle injury .
Bears : TE Ben Braunecker left because of a concussion . ... Nagy said Mack 's status was ' ' literally hour to hour '' before the Bears decided in the morning not to suit him up , and they hope to have him playing next week . The two - time All - Pro missed his first game since Oakland drafted him with the fifth overall pick in 2014 .
UP NEXT
Jets : At Miami next Sunday .
Bears : At Buffalo next Sunday .
