Bengals pick off Winston 4 times for 37 - 34 win over Bucs
CINCINNATI ( AP ) The Bengals had four interceptions , six sacks and a late 18-point lead . They needed all of it - and every last second on the clock as well - to salvage a win that was more relief than anything .
Jessie Bates returned Jameis Winston 's fourth interception for a touchdown Sunday , and the Bengals overcame Ryan Fitzpatrick 's late rally for a 37 - 34 victory that left the Tampa Bay Buccaneers with a question at quarterback .
The Bengals ( 5 - 3 ) put together their only drive of the second half to pull it out . Andy Dalton had completions of 23 and 9 yards to A.J. Green that got them in range for Randy Bullock 's 44-yard field goal on the final play .
' ' A win is a win , but this one feels a little weird , '' Bengals linebacker Preston Brown said .
Weird all around .
Cincinnati was coming off a 45 - 10 loss at Kansas City on Sunday night that was their second - worst drubbing in coach Marvin Lewis ' 16 seasons . The Bengals gave up 576 yards to the Bucs ( 3 - 4 ) and managed only 95 yards in the second half - 50 on the final drive .
' ' We 're not very happy with how we performed , '' Bates said .
Tampa Bay 's biggest problem earlier this season was its porous defense , which led to a change of coordinators . This time , their quarterback play was their downfall .
Winston opened the season on suspension for violating the NFL 's personal conduct policy . He 's had seven turnovers in the past two games , creating an opening for Fitzpatrick to reclaim the job that was his at season 's start .
Winston was benched after matching his career high with four interceptions , the third time he 's thrown so many in his career . He has thrown 10 interceptions , one fewer than all last season .
' ' I 'm definitely the reason we came up short with this game , and I know that I have to fix it , '' said Winston , who was 18 of 35 for 276 yards with five sacks .
Winston went to the bench , and Fitzpatrick pulled Tampa Bay even .
He threw a 72-yard touchdown to Mike Evans , his fifth TD pass of at least 50 yards this season - most in the NFL . He also led an 88-yard drive to the tying score , hitting O.J. Howard for an 18-yard touchdown and completing another pass for the conversion with 1:05 left .
Fitzpatrick finished 11 of 15 for 194 yards and a passer rating of 154.9 that 's just shy of perfect .
Now , the Bucs have to decide which one will lead the NFL 's top - ranked offense .
' ' Today is not the day I need to decide that , '' coach Dirk Koetter said .
DeSean Jackson caught a 60-yard touchdown pass that moved him ahead of Jerry Rice for the NFL record . He has 24 TDs of at least 60 yards . It also was Jackson 's 29th career TD of at least 50 yards , tying Randy Moss for second - most since the 1970 merger behind Rice 's 36 .
FAST START
Cincinnati could n't hold a 27 - 6 lead set up by a big first half . Joe Mixon ran for 114 yards in the half and scored on runs of 1 and 8 yards . Tyler Boyd had six catches for 112 yards , including a 9-yard touchdown .
LOTS OF INTs
Winston has thrown at least two interceptions in five straight games , tied for the most since 1990 . His 13 interceptions over that span are tied with Fitzpatrick for the most in a five - game stretch over the past five seasons .
LOTS OF EMPTY SEATS
The game drew 45,134 fans , the smallest crowd at Paul Brown Stadium since 41,273 showed up for a 23 - 16 win over Arizona on Dec. 24 , 2011 .
BLOWING IN THE WIND
Both kickers missed extra - point attempts in a gusty , swirling wind .
NO SAD SACK
Buccaneers end Jason Pierre - Paul had a pair of sacks . He 's had at least one in six straight games , tying Simeon Rice for the most consecutive games with a sack in team history .
INJURIES
Buccaneers : RB Ronald Jones II suffered a hamstring injury in the second half .
Bengals : G Clint Boling hurt his back late in the first half . DE Carl Lawson hurt his right knee , reportedly an ACL tear . CB Dre Kirkpatrick left in the third quarter with an Achilles injury that kept him out of practice , but he returned .
UP NEXT
Buccaneers : Play at Carolina on Sunday , finishing a stretch of four road games out of five .
Bengals : Have their bye week , followed by a home game against the Saints .
