Steelers bring comfort to city following synagogue tragedy
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) Shaken by an unspeakable tragedy , this city needed something to ease its pain .
The Steelers brought some joy to their grieving community .
Ben Roethlisberger threw two touchdown passes to Antonio Brown , James Conner ran for two scores , and Pittsburgh beat the Cleveland Browns 33 - 18 on Sunday while offering some solace to an area still in shock after a synagogue shooting .
The Steelers ( 4 - 2 - 1 ) overcame a slow start and their own mistakes to win their 15th straight at Heinz Field over the Browns ( 2 - 5 - 1 ) , who have lost 25 consecutive road games - one shy of the NFL record .
Maybe more importantly , the win delivered a few hours of comfort to Pittsburgh 's fans and Western Pennsylvania still in shock a day after a gunman stormed into the Tree of Life Synagogue and killed 11 people . A moment of silence was observed before the game and several signs with the Steelers ' helmet logo - inlaid with a Star of David - were displayed by fans .
' ' We 're thankful for a victory , but we also understand that there are bigger things , '' Roethlisberger said . ' ' There 's life . I 'm glad that we could give people maybe three hours of a break of maybe not thinking about it all the time , and that 's what sports does sometimes is it helps you to kind of heal . But it 's over and people are going to celebrate and enjoy this , but reality still sets in for a lot of people . ''
The shooting was felt by all Pittsburghers , and was close to the Steelers . Michele Rosenthal , the team 's former community relations manager , had two brothers , Cecil and David , killed in the attack .
' ' We love you Michelle and we 're thinking about you , '' said Roethlisberger , who was not surprised to the city pull together . ' ' I know the Boston Strong thing , but it 's true everywhere . That 's what Pittsburghers are . We 're family . There 's so much love here in this town - for the sports , for each other , for all the different races , ethnicities , religions and everything we have . ''
Roethlisberger connected on TD passes of 43 and 1 yard with Brown , and Conner continued to minimize Le'Veon Bell 's absence . Conner ran for 60 yards on a 78-yard drive he capped with a 12-yard TD run in the third quarter that put the Steelers ahead 23 - 12 .
Conner 's 22-yard run with 2:04 left made it 33 - 12 before the Browns scored a late TD .
' ' Today was much bigger than a game of football , '' said Conner , who played at Pitt before joining the Steelers and ran for 146 yards Sunday . ' ' It was good that we got the win to try and uplift some spirits and vibes of everybody in our city . It 's really a tragedy . Our city took a hit and our hearts are with all of the victims and their families . We still have those in mind . ''
Rookie quarterback Baker Mayfield threw a pair of TD passes , but the Browns squandered some early scoring chances and remain winless in Pittsburgh since 2003 .
The loss will put further heat on embattled Browns coach Hue Jackson , who dropped to 3 - 36 - 1 in two - plus seasons . Cleveland has lost three straight since beating Baltimore in overtime .
' ' It 's disheartening , '' Jackson said . ' ' We 've got work to do . ''
Conner 's first TD came after Steelers return man Ryan Switzer inexplicably allowed a free kick following a safety to roll free and the Browns recovered at Pittsburgh 's 24-yard line .
The Steelers then committed three penalties - roughing the passer , interference and holding - to give Cleveland a first down at the 1 . On the next play , Mayfield avoided pressure and lofted his scoring pass to rookie Antonio Callaway , who caught it despite being held to pull the Browns within 16 - 12 .
But with the momentum in Cleveland 's favor , Pittsburgh grabbed control of the game and in turn soothed some pain after Saturday 's stunning shooting .
' ' We have a lot of healing to do , '' said defensive tackle Cameron Heyward . ' ' Our city can overcome this , but everybody 's got ta love and care . We 'll continue to do our part . I know everybody in this locker room cares so much for everybody that was involved in that and we 're going to continue to care . ''
Conner , who has filled in while Bell holds out in a contract dispute , ripped off runs of 30 and 16 yards and then broke several tackles on his scoring run .
Roethlisberger 's second TD pass with 10 seconds to go in the first half put the Steelers ahead 14 - 6 , and left the Browns thinking about settling for Greg Joseph field goals and not getting touchdowns .
Pittsburgh gambled by going on fourth - and-1 at the 4 on the previous play before Roethlisberger drilled his pass to Brown , who lined up wide and came back toward his QB to make the catch and step into the end zone . The score completed an 87-yard drive that ate up 7:12 and included the Steelers maintaining possession after Roethlisberger appeared to fumble before replay review showed his knee was down .
The Steelers started slowly , failing to get a first down in the first quarter when they were outgained 119 - 16 .
But the Browns failed to score a touchdown on three trips inside the Pittsburgh 27-yard line , and after Joseph missed a 41-yard field - goal attempt that would have put Cleveland ahead 9 - 0 , Pittsburgh pounced .
Roethlisberger 's pump fake fooled Browns rookie cornerback Denzel Ward , allowing Brown to get behind him down the left sideline , and Roethlisberger made an easy throw to his favorite target .
MOVING UP
Roethlisberger 's second TD pass to Brown moved him past Hall of Famer Fran Tarkenton ( 342 ) on the career list . Eli Manning ( 346 ) is seventh . Peyton Manning holds the record with 539 TD passes .
DYNAMIC DUO
Roethlisberger and Brown have combined for 67 TDs , tied for seventh most in league history . Peyton Manning and Reggie Wayne also had 67 scores .
POSITIVE NOTE
The Browns had two more takeaways to give them 22 - 9 more than all last season . The 22 takeaways are their most through eight weeks since 1982 .
INJURIES
Steelers : CB Coty Sensabaugh left with a foot injury in the second half .
Browns : RB Duke Johnson injured his leg while running after a screen pass on the game 's second play and was ineffective afterward .
UP NEXT
Steelers : Visit Baltimore on Nov. 4 .
Browns : Host Kansas City on Nov. 4 .
