Luck 's 3 TD passes lead Colts past Raiders 42 - 28
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) The Indianapolis Colts appear to have a potent running game , an offensive line that can protect and a record - setting kicker .
Combined all that with a healthy Andrew Luck and the results are impressive .
Luck threw his third touchdown pass of the game to break a tie with 5:28 to go , Adam Vinatieri set the career scoring mark and the Colts beat the Oakland Raiders 42 - 28 on Sunday to win in back - to - back weeks for the first time in three years .
' ' I think we 're believing it now , I really do , '' Luck said . ' ' I think we 're proving to ourselves that we can do it , that this is a winning formula . ''
Marlon Mack ran for a career - high 132 yards and two touchdowns , breaking the personal mark he set last week against Buffalo with 126 yards . The Colts finished with 222 yards rushing and did n't allow a sack for the third straight game as the investments made in the offensive line are paying off .
The Colts are the first team since the 1970 merger to go consecutive games with at least 200 yards rushing , no sacks and no giveaways .
' ' I think you 'd like to establish your identity in Week 1 and get that going right from the start , '' coach Frank Reich said . ' ' On offense , it 's taken us a few weeks to get that going , but right now I like where we 're at . ''
Mack 's second TD came after Doug Martin lost a fumble for Oakland and sealed the victory as the Colts won in consecutive weeks for the first time in three years .
Luck connected with all three of his tight ends with the 10-yard pass to Jack Doyle putting the Colts ( 3 - 5 ) up 35 - 28 . Luck connected earlier in the game on passes to Mo Alie - Cox and Eric Ebron and finished with 239 yards against an overmatched defense for the Raiders ( 1 - 6 ) .
Derek Carr threw three TD passes and ran for a fourth just days after Oakland traded his top receiver Amari Cooper to Dallas . But it was n't enough to prevent another loss in what is quickly becoming a lost season to begin coach Jon Gruden 's second stint with the team .
' ' I 'm not going to give up . Period , '' Gruden said . ' ' I just hope Raiders fans out there understand we 're doing everything we can . I know it gets ugly at times , but in a lot of ways I 'm excited about the future . ''
The Colts started fast with Mo Alie - Cox making a one - handed 26-yard touchdown catch and Vinatieri adding a field goal to make it 10 - 0 before the Raiders finally found their stride .
' ' He swallowed the ball with his hands , '' Luck said . ' ' It was truly like there was a gravitational pull flopped it in there . What an awesome job our tight ends group does to complement this offense , complement the wideouts and to complement each other . ''
Carr threw a pair of touchdown passes in the second quarter to put Oakland on top and added a 1-yard sneak for a score on fourth down to make it 21 - 13 early in the third .
The game went back and forth from there with Luck tying it with a 20-yard touchdown pass to Eric Ebron and a 2-point conversion pass to Chester Rogers .
Carr then avoided a sack before finding Brandon LaFell for a 6-yard touchdown late in the third before the Colts tied it back up early in the fourth on Mack 's 4-yard run .
MOST POINTS IN NFL HISTORY
Vinatieri set the record as the NFL 's top all - time scorer in the first half . He kicked a 26-yard field goal in the first quarter to tie Morten Andersen with 2,544 points and then added a 25-yarder late in the second to set the record . Vinatieri scored three more points , giving him 2,550 for his career .
' ' He 'd done it for so long and for so many years and so prolifically , that I just thought , ` Man , it 's untouchable . ' '' Vinatieri said . ' ' But I guess as you keep going , you stack years upon years , the numbers start stacking up . ''
RARE RUSH
Carr scored on a 1-yard sneak on fourth down in the third quarter for the Raiders for his first career touchdown run . Oakland had n't had a quarterback run for a TD since Terrelle Pryor scored on a 93-yard run against Pittsburgh on Oct. 27 , 2013 . Only the Chargers had gone longer without a TD run for a QB .
' ' I had a dance planned , but they threw a flag , '' Carr said . ' ' I 'll have to get another one . ''
BACK TO BACK
Mack followed up last week 's big game with another strong performance . This is just the sixth time the Colts have had a 100-yard rusher during Luck 's seven NFL seasons and the first time since Joseph Addai did it in 2007 that a back topped the century mark in consecutive games .
INJURIES
The Raiders lost backup OL T.J. Clemmings to a knee injury in the second half . ... Colts S Mike Mitchell left in the second half with a calf injury .
UP NEXT
Colts : Host Jacksonville on Nov. 11 .
Raiders : Visit 49ers on Thursday night .
