McCourty 's pick-6 seals Patriots ' 25 - 6 win over Bills
ORCHARD PARK , N.Y. ( AP ) Devin McCourty was pleased that the New England Patriots defense did n't have to play second fiddle to Tom Brady and Co. for once .
With the Patriots leaning more on Stephen Gostkowski 's leg than Brady 's arm against the Buffalo Bills on Monday night , McCourty stepped up and returned an interception 84 yards to secure a 25 - 6 victory .
' ' The last couple of games it was our offense scoring and us trying to keep the team out . This was a game where they were moving the ball and could n't get into the end zone , '' McCourty said . ' ' We had to make sure Buffalo did n't get in the end zone , and once it cracked , we had to take advantage of it . ''
The interception proved to be the turning point in what had been a tightly contested game in which New England settled for four Gostkowski field goals , and after James White scored on a 1-yard to make it 18 - 6 with 9:58 left .
The Bills responded with what was initially ruled a touchdown , when tight end Jason Croom appeared to make a diving , one - handed catch in the end zone . The 25-yard catch was negated when replays showed Croom never had possession .
Two plays later , McCourty jumped in front of Derek Anderson 's attempt to hit tight end Charles Clay over the middle .
' ' Those are bonus points . It 's hard to count on those , '' Patriots coach Bill Belichick said . ' ' It was a big play for us . They were driving in the red area and it turned it around . ''
Buffalo lost its third straight and dropped to 2 - 6 for its worst start since opening the 2010 season with eight losses .
The Bills offense continued its anemic ways in being held to under 7 points for the fourth time this season - once more than that 's happened from 2013 - 17 . Buffalo has scored just two touchdowns in its past five outings , a stretch in which it has been outscored by a margin of 116 - 37 .
Running back LeSean McCoy took the offense 's struggles personally . Though he had a team - best 82 yards receiving , McCoy finished with just 13 yards rushing and has yet to score this season .
' ' I 'm 30 years old . I 've been playing since high school . This stuff has never happened to me . Yeah it 's tough , '' he said .
What hurts more is McCoy knowing how the offense has let down the defense .
' ' It 's not fair to them , '' he said . ' ' I did n't expect to have no season like this . I 'm not really playing well at all . We 're not doing much on offense . ''
Credit the Bills ' defense for not playing the role of the expected pushover against a Brady - led offense that had scored 38 or more points in each of its past four games .
' ' You come out and you hold those guys to one touchdown and still ca n't get a win . It 's tough , man , '' Bills cornerback Tre'Davious White said .
Stephen Hauschka accounted for the scoring by hitting field goals from 51 and 47 yards .
' ' It 's clearly not good enough , '' coach Sean McDermott said of his sputtering offense . ' ' I thought the defense came out and played well at times . Offensively , we shot ourselves in the foot a little bit there , and just could n't get it going enough . ''
Anderson finished 22 of 39 for 290 yards and two interceptions .
He was escorted off the field with 1:25 left when he was sacked by Kyle Van Noy . He was making his second start in place of rookie Josh Allen , who 's listed as week to week with a sprained elbow on his throwing arm .
Brady finished 29 of 45 for 324 yards , but was held without a touchdown pass for the first time this season .
' ' They made it tough on us , '' he said . ' ' We could n't get anything going in the red zone , not enough positive plays down there . ''
Brady continued his string of career - long dominance over the Bills by improving to 29 - 3 , extending the NFL record for most wins by a quarterback against one opponent .
The Patriots beat Buffalo for the seventh straight time and improved to 32 - 5 in their last 37 meetings under coach Bill Belichick .
HONORING THURMAN
The highlight for Bills fans was a halftime ceremony in which the team retired Hall of Fame running back Thurman Thomas ' No . 34 .
He became the third player in Bills history to receive the honor . Jim Kelly had his No . 12 retired in 2001 , and Bruce Smith 's No . 78 was retired in 2016 .
With the lights turned out at the sold - out stadium , highlights from Thomas ' Hall of Fame career were shown on the video scoreboard while two spotlights projected 34s onto the field . ' ' When I look up and see the No . 34 retired under my name , I 'll be reminded that number does n't just belong to me , '' Thomas said . ' ' It belongs to the Bills fans everywhere . ''
PRYOR VISIT
The receiver- and quarterback - needy Bills had free agent Terrelle Pryor in for a visit earlier in the day . Pryor is a seventh - year player who was released by the New York Jets on Oct. 20 with an injury settlement after hurting his groin .
INJURIES
Patriots : Rookie RB Sony Michel ( left knee ) and starting LB Dont'a Hightower ( knee ) were inactive .
Bills : Rookie starting middle linebacker Tremaine Edmunds did not return in the second half after being diagnosed with a concussion .
UP NEXT
Patriots : Prepare for a Brady - vs .- Aaron Rodgers showdown , hosting the Green Bay Packers on Sunday night .
Bills : Host the Chicago Bears on Sunday .
