Chicago Bears rout turnover - prone Buffalo Bills 41 - 9
ORCHARD PARK , N.Y. ( AP ) Linebacker Khalil Mack broke into a wide grin when it was pointed out the Chicago Bears defense did n't need him for a second straight week .
' ' Ha , I might be looking for another job here soon , '' Mack told The Associated Press .
Sidelined by a right ankle injury , Mack had plenty of reason to joke .
He had just finished watching his teammates force four turnovers , including two returned for touchdowns 3 1/2 minutes apart in the second quarter of a 41 - 9 rout over the Bills in what proved to be another comedy of errors for Buffalo 's anemic offense on Sunday .
Sandwiched between Jordan Howard 's two touchdown runs , Eddie Jackson scored on a 65-yard fumble return and Leonard Floyd returned a tipped pass during Chicago 's decisive 28-point second - quarter surge .
' ' It 's always great to go out and perform the way we did , '' linebacker Roquan Smith said . ' ' We definitely did focus on getting the ball out , and we knew when they do come , they come in bunches . So that was one of the main things . ''
The only disappointment , perhaps , was becoming Buffalo 's first opponent in three weeks to give up a Bills touchdown . It did n't happen until quarterback Nathan Peterman scored on a 1-yard run with 5:41 left .
It was the first TD run the Bears have allowed this season , and it ended the Bills ' touchdown drought at 187 minutes and 19 seconds - dating to Peterman 's 16-yard pass to Zay Jones in a 20 - 13 loss at Houston on Oct. 14 .
The Bears , coming off a 24 - 10 win over the New York Jets , won their second in a row and improved to 5 - 3 to match their best start to a season through eight games since 2013 .
And the Bears are winning without Mack , the 2016 NFL Defensive Player of the Year , who was acquired in a trade from Oakland just before the start of the season .
The Bills are going from bad to worse in losing their fourth straight , and dropping to 2 - 7 - their worst record through nine games since a 1 - 8 start in 2010 .
Buffalo has n't topped 10 points five times this season , and the four turnovers were one short of a season - worst . The Bills had five in a 37 - 5 loss at Indianapolis two weeks ago .
' ' I 've never been on a losing streak like this , '' receiver Kelvin Benjamin said . ' ' I 'm frustrated now . I 'm going to go home and be frustrated , but tomorrow once I come back in , try to brush it off my shoulders and get ready for the Jets . ''
Peterman threw three interceptions in his first start since a 47 - 3 season - opening loss at Baltimore . The Bills had no choice but to return to the second - year player with rookie Josh Allen missing his third game with a sprained throwing elbow and Derek Anderson sidelined by a concussion .
Peterman continued playing down to his turnover - prone reputation , though two of the interceptions were n't entirely his fault .
Newly signed receiver Terrelle Pryor caught Peterman 's pass and lost control as he turned up field , with the ball landing in defensive back Adrian Amos ' hands .
Three snaps into Buffalo 's next possession , Peterman 's hard pass over the middle struck Jones in the hand and bounced directly to Floyd , who returned it for a touchdown .
' ' I do n't see anybody who 's not trying to give it their all , '' Jones said . ' ' That 's just the most discouraging thing about the whole situation right now is that the effort is there . ''
But is the talent ?
Coach Sean McDermott responded defiantly when asked if the Bills have enough talent on offense to compete .
' ' I believe we do , '' he said .
The Bills have been outscored 157 - 46 in their past six .
Peterman finished 31 of 49 for 187 yards and the second - year player has now thrown 13 interceptions on 133 career attempts , including playoffs .
Chicago 's Mitchell Trubisky finished 12 for 20 for 135 yards with a 2-yard touchdown to tight end Trey Burton and an interception .
QUIET McCOY
Bills running LeSean McCoy remains stuck in neutral , and did n't stick around to talk about an outing in which he managed just 10 yards rushing on 10 carries , and six days after he had 13 yards on 12 carries in a 26 - 5 loss to New England . McCoy , who declined interview requests this week , was spotted exiting the locker room before reporters were allowed to enter .
TURNOVERS
The Bills have now turned the ball over 22 times , including 16 interceptions .
The Bears entered the game ranking second in the NFL with 11 interceptions and 17 takeaways .
INJURIES
Bears : TE Dion Sims was being evaluated for a concussion . ... WR Taylor Gabriel did not return after hurting his leg . Coach Matt Nagy said Gabriel is fine .
Bills : TE Charles Clay hurt his hamstring in the first half and did not return . ... Backup RB Chris Ivory favored his left arm while being escorted off the field after being stopped for no gain on first - and - goal from the 1 with 6:27 remaining .
UP NEXT
Bears : Host Detroit on Sunday in the first of three straight against NFC North rivals .
Bills : At New York Jets on Sunday .
