Vrabel 's Titans rout New England 34 - 10 , snap Pats ' streaks
NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( AP ) Tom Brady added another big chunk of NFL history to his resume .
The Tennessee Titans made sure the Patriots quarterback did n't finish his 300th game by hitting him over and over again .
The Titans sacked Brady three times and hit him six more times as they beat New England 34 - 10 Sunday , snapping a seven - game skid against the Patriots in Mike Vrabel 's first game as head coach against the team he helped win three Super Bowls .
It was the most sacks allowed in a game this season by the Patriots ( 7 - 3 ) , and coach Bill Belichick pulled Brady for Brian Hoyer midway through the fourth quarter .
' ' You got to make Tom blink , and if you make him blink and have to go to a second read you got a chance , '' Vrabel said of his former teammate . ' ' But if you let him rip it to the first guy he looks at , it 's going to be a long day . ''
Asked if he thought Brady was effective , Belichick said to ask Brady .
' ' It was just a bad day for all of us , '' Brady said .
Only Brett Favre ( 326 ) has played in more games , both regular season and postseason , as a quarterback than Brady . The three - time NFL MVP also needed only three touchdown passes to tie Peyton Manning ( 579 ) for the NFL record for most TD passes all time for both the regular season and postseason .
Brady left having thrown for 254 yards and no TD passes . The Titans outgained the Patriots 385 - 284 , holding New England to just 40 yards rushing . Linebacker Wesley Woodyard , who had 1 1/2 sacks , said that allowed them to get after Brady .
' ' Coach Vrabel said make them pay for everything , '' Woodyard said . ' ' Tackle him , hit him and make him feel it . ''
Marcus Mariota capped each of the first two drives with TD passes , and Derrick Henry ran for a pair of TDs . Ryan Succop also added two field goals as the Titans ( 5 - 4 ) scored a season high in points after jumping out to a 17 - 3 lead in the first quarter . They now have beaten both of last season 's Super Bowl teams in Nashville .
The loss snaps a six - game winning streak going into New England 's bye . The Patriots , who routed the Titans 35 - 14 in January , also lost to Tennessee for the first time since Dec. 16 , 2002 .
Darius Jennings opened the game with a 58-yard kickoff return , and Mariota capped the drive with a 4-yard TD pass to Jonnu Smith . The Titans never trailed again .
The Titans came in with the NFL 's stingiest scoring defense and also leading the league in fewest touchdowns allowed in the red zone . They held the Patriots to a pair of 52-yard field - goal attempts by Stephen Gostkowski , who missed his second wide left . James Develin scored on a 1-yard TD run early in the second , which pulled New England within 17 - 10 .
Brady looked ready to pull off another amazing comeback , driving the Pats to the Titans 37 . The Titans stopped Brady a yard shy of the first down after catching a pass from Julian Edelman . A false start followed , then Logan Ryan , a former New England cornerback , broke up a Brady pass to Edelman to turn the ball over .
On the very next play , Vrabel called his own trick play with Jennings throwing to a wide - open Mariota for a 21-yard gain .
Hoyer replaced Brady on the next drive .
EX - PATS CONNECTIONS
Tennessee fired coach Mike Mularkey after the January playoff loss and hired Vrabel to try to recreate the Patriots ' winning ways with the Titans . Vrabel hired Dean Pees , a former Patriots linebackers coach and defensive coordinator , as his defensive coordinator . General manager Jon Robinson , who started in New England , signed cornerback Malcolm Butler and running back Dion Lewis in free agency .
' ' That 's what happens when you go cheap , '' Lewis said . ' ' You get your ( expletive ) kicked . ''
RARE BRADY CATCH
Brady 's catch was just the third of his career and first since Dec. 6 , 2015 , when he caught a 36-yarder from Danny Amendola against Philadelphia . At 41 , Brady became the oldest player with a catch since Jerry Rice had 30 at the age of 42 . Brady slipped at the end and said he did n't know what happened .
' ' It was ` fish out of water , ' '' Brady said .
Mariota also has three receptions , including catching his own pass in the playoffs last January . Vrabel said Mariota got up faster than Brady did . Mariota said he had one thought on his reception : ' ' Just catch it . ''
INJURIES
Patriots left tackle Trent Brown missed the final drive of the first half and was announced as questionable to return because of illness . LaAdrian Waddle replaced him for that series , but Brown returned for the first start of the third quarter . Brown left later in the third quarter with an injured back . Edelman hurt an ankle and did n't return . Tight end Dwayne Allen also hurt a knee in the third quarter .
Titans running back David Fluellen picked up 16 yards on back - to - back runs , then went down untouched on the next play with a knee injury .
UP NEXT
Patriots : Bye , then visit Jets on Nov. 25 .
Titans : Visit Indianapolis .
