Rockies top Cubs 2 - 1 in 13 innings in epic wild - card game
CHICAGO ( AP ) Tony Wolters waited and waited as the NL wild - card game went deep into Tuesday night . He stretched a couple of times and tried to figure out when he might get a chance to play .
When that opportunity arrived , he was ready .
Wolters hit a tiebreaking single with two outs in the 13th inning and the Colorado Rockies outlasted the Chicago Cubs 2 - 1 at Wrigley Field in the longest win - or - go - home postseason game in major league history .
' ' Probably the biggest hit I ' ve ever had , that 's for sure , '' he said .
The 26-year - old Wolters , claimed off waivers from Cleveland in 2016 , entered as part of a double switch in the bottom of the 12th . The reserve catcher came up with runners at the corners and drove in Trevor Story with a two - strike hit back up the middle off losing pitcher Kyle Hendricks , quieting the crowd of 40,151 on a crisp fall night .
After playing its third big game over three days in three different cities , Colorado now heads to Milwaukee to open a best - of - five Division Series against the NL Central champion Brewers on Thursday .
' ' We did n't make it easy on ourselves , that 's for sure , '' Story said , ' ' but we 're going to enjoy this one tonight and we 're definitely not done . ''
Scott Oberg , the sixth Colorado pitcher , fanned Kris Bryant for the final out of the 12th and then struck out the side in the 13th to end the longest postseason game at 104-year - old Wrigley . Terrance Gore tried to sell that he was hit by a pitch , but was sent back to the plate after a replay review confirmed the initial call .
After Albert Almora Jr. struck out swinging for the final out , Wolters ran out and grabbed Oberg . They were soon joined by the rest of the excited Rockies in a rollicking purple mob near the mound .
' ' You 're always wondering , ` How 's this going to end ? ' But our guys fought all night and to be able to get that last out there was great , '' Oberg said .
Wolters got his first hit since Sept. 10 in his playoff debut , and it was just the second postseason game for Oberg . Previously , the longest winner - take - all games in the postseason were 12-inning affairs in the 2014 AL wild - card round and Game 7 of the 1924 World Series .
This one lasted 4 hours , 55 minutes , and had pretty much everything , too . Hendricks was the third starting pitcher used by the Cubs , after Jon Lester worked six solid innings and Cole Hamels was pressed into action after the teams were tied at 1 through nine . Rockies third baseman Nolan Arenado exchanged a memorable hug with Javier Baez after he tagged the excitable Cubs star in the 11th .
Colorado moved on to the Division Series for the first time since 2009 . The Rockies lost to Arizona in the NL wild - card game a year ago .
' ' Such a crazy game , '' Story said .
The Cubs made it to the NLCS in each of the previous three seasons , winning the 2016 World Series to break a 108-year drought , but they were plagued by an inconsistent offense all season long . Chicago finished with six hits and left 10 runners on base after managing only three hits in Monday 's 3 - 1 home loss to the Brewers in the NL Central tiebreaker .
' ' We played that game a lot , '' said manager Joe Maddon , who matched a postseason record by using 23 players . ' ' Believe me , it was on my mind for a large part of it . ''
This time , it was Kyle Freeland cruising through Maddon 's lineup .
Starting on three days ' rest for the first time in the pros , Freeland struck out six in 6 2/3 scoreless innings . The Denver native looked quite comfortable in his first career playoff appearance , helping his hometown team bounce back from Monday 's NL West tiebreaker loss to the Dodgers in Los Angeles .
' ' Sometimes you just get beat and we got beat tonight , '' Lester said .
Lester helped Chicago stick around by matching a career playoff high with nine strikeouts in his 26th postseason appearance . But he took a little while to settle into the game , and the Rockies took advantage .
Charlie Blackmon led off with a five - pitch walk . DJ LeMahieu followed with a ground - rule double on a 3 - 2 pitch - with the ball getting stuck in the famed ivy in left - center - and Arenado 's sacrifice fly drove in Blackmon .
Lester then limited the damage by striking out Story and Matt Holliday with LeMahieu on third .
That one run looked as if it might hold up as Freeland cruised into the seventh . After Story robbed Daniel Murphy of a hit with a diving grab at shortstop , manager Bud Black replaced Freeland with Adam Ottavino .
Chicago loaded the bases with two outs , getting some help when Drew Butera was called for catcher 's interference , but Ottavino struck out pinch - hitter Jason Heyward to end the inning .
The Cubs got another chance when Anthony Rizzo singled with two outs in the eighth , and Maddon went for it . He ran for his star first baseman with the speedy Gore , who promptly swiped second .
Ottavino had an 0 - 2 count on Baez when his third pitch got too much of the plate . The free - swinging slugger drove it into the gap in left - center for a tying double , easily scoring Gore from second and sending a charge through the crowd .
Hitters had been 0 for 36 against Ottavino with an 0 - 2 count this year .
' ' I think this is a classic , '' Black said . ' ' I think this will go down as a Major League Baseball classic . ... And it 's awesome that a number of these fellas will always remember this game . ''
