Bring on Boston : Yanks rout A 's 7 - 2 in wild - card game
NEW YORK ( AP ) Aaron Judge got the party started with a two - run homer nine pitches in . By the time Giancarlo Stanton capped the mauling with monstrous drive in his postseason debut , New York Yankees fans already were looking ahead .
" We want Boston ! " they chanted .
Coming up next .
' ' It 's going to be intense , '' CC Sabathia predicted after the Yankees pounded the Oakland Athletics 7 - 2 on Wednesday night to win their second straight AL wild - card game .
New York will take a train to Boston for a best - of - five Division Series starting Friday night , a matchup of 100-win heavyweights .
' ' I think they 're ready and relish the opportunity to go up against the game 's best this year , '' Yankees rookie manager Aaron Boone said of his players .
Boone remains a dirty word among the Fenway Park faithful . His 11th - inning homer in Game 7 of the 2003 AL Championship Series beat the Red Sox . A year later Boston overcame the Yankees and became the first major league team to bounce back from a 3 - 0 postseason deficit . The Red Sox went on to win their first World Series since 1918 , but Boone 's drive off Tim Wakefield has not been forgotten or forgiven .
Boston went 10 - 9 against the Yankees this year and set a club record with 108 wins . New York became the first team since the 2001 A 's to reach triple digits in wins and fail to finish first .
' ' We ' ve just got to do our homework and come out swinging , '' said Luke Voit , who broke open the game with a two - run triple in a four - run sixth .
Luis Severino atoned for last year 's flop in the wild - card game against Minnesota , pitching no - hit shutout ball into the fifth . Dellin Betances entered with two on and got six straight outs as part of a five - hitter , and the Yankees extended their home postseason winning streak to seven .
Severino let out a primal scream after escaping a bases - loaded jam in the fourth with a 99.6 fastball - his fastest pitch of the night - to strike out Marcus Semien .
Yankees fans fretted about an all - or - nothing knockout match , thinking back to last year when Severino fell behind Minnesota 3 - 0 just 10 pitches in . New York rallied for an 8 - 4 win against the Twins , but the memory remained raw .
Severino retired his first three batters in order on 10 pitches
' ' I think the first inning was huge for me , after all the stuff that people say on social media , all of that stuff , '' he explained .
Andrew McCutchen walked leading off the bottom half against reliever - turned starter Liam Hendricks , and Judge hit a drive over the left - field scoreboard , joining Reggie Jackson as the only Yankees with four home runs in their first seven postseason home games .
' ' I was already excited from the national anthem on , '' said Judge , who hit his second homer since returning in mid - September after missing seven weeks with a broken right wrist .
Short on options , A 's manager Bob Melvin opted for baseball 's latest fad : starting a reliever . Hendriks ( the loser ) had not allowed a home run since June 24 , the night before he was cut from the major league roster .
' ' Got into some bad counts and they made me pay , '' Hendriks said .
Voit 's two - run triple missed a home run by inches . Stanton added a 443-foot drive off closer Blake Treinen in the eighth that landed in left field 's second deck , completing a power show by the team that set a major league record for most home runs in a season . Stanton 's drive left the bat at 117.4 mph and Judge 's 116.1 mph , the hardest - hit postseason home runs since measuring began in 2015 .
A sellout crowd enjoyed one of those boisterous Bronx celebrations that used to be an October staple .
' ' Early in the game they 're going to be loud . It 's our job to try to take them out of it , '' Oakland manager Bob Melvin said . ' ' This is a tough ballpark to play in . ''
Oakland has lost eight straight winner - take - all postseason games since beating Willie Mays and the New York Mets in Game 7 of the 1973 World Series , and dropped all four of their postseason matchups against the Yankees .
' ' It 's pretty hard but I ' m not disappointed at all , '' said big league home run champion Khris Davis , who hit a two - run homer off Zach Britton in the eighth . ' ' I think we showed some people we can do some things and I think next year , we 're a little bit more of a threat . ''
Severino was 14 - 2 at the All - Star break this year but slumped badly in the second half , and Boone 's decision to start the 24-year - old right - hander against the A 's instead of J.A. Happ or Masahiro Tanaka was intensely debated - the type of argument Boone used to enjoy as a television analyst who broadcast last year 's wild - card game .
Severino made the move look like genius . He threw nine fastballs in the first inning , then switched to more offspeed . He threw 36 fastballs , 37 sliders and 14 changeups in all .
' ' Because they 're patient and they 're dangerous , you ' ve got to be able to mix those pitches and you ' ve got to be able to throw strikes with all those pitches , '' Boone said .
He struck out seven his first time through the batting order , but wound up walking four as he pitched carefully . Jonathan Lucroy and Nick Martini singled leading off the fifth , and Boone signaled for Betances to relieve .
This time , Severino had a no - decision to savor .
Betances retired Matt Chapman on a liner to right and Jed Lowrie on a fly to center , then struck out Davis with a slider and gleefully backpedaled off the mound .
' ' I ' ve been waiting for this moment a long time . Last year I was a cheerleader , '' Betances said , reflecting on his reduced role last October after late - season control problems .
New York opened a 6 - 0 lead in the bottom half . Judge started it with a double - his grounder hit about a foot foul just beyond the batter 's box , then twisted fair down the line . Aaron Hicks followed with another double off Fernando Rodney .
After Treinen walked Stanton , and Voit hit an opposite - field drive to right , thinking it was a home run and raising his right arm at the plate . He chugged into third with his first big league triple and let loose with a holler .
The burly Voit tumbled across the plate , actually making a nifty slide , to just make it home on Didi Gregorius ' sacrifice fly .
Betances ( the winner ) pitched a perfect sixth and David Robertson a 1 - 2 - 3 seventh . Aroldis Chapman followed Britton and finished with the final two of 13 strikeouts by New York pitchers .
Oakland was a little engine that could , coming off three straight last - place finishes and last in opening - day payroll before creeping up to 28th following midseason acquisitions to bolster its injury devastated pitching staff . The A 's managed to win 97 games despite a half - dozen starting pitchers getting hurt .
' ' We feel like with the group that we have here together that we 're going to get better each and every year , '' Melvin said .
While he spoke , the Yankees were spraying Chandon in a soggy clubhouse filled with the sweet smell of California brut .
' ' This place was crazy tonight , '' Stanton said . ' ' Everything I would have expected and more . ''
