Ryu sharp , Dodgers hit 3 HRs , beat Braves 6 - 0 in NLDS opener
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) The Dodgers made a surprising and much dissected decision to start Hyun - Jin Ryu over Clayton Kershaw in Game 1 of the NL Division Series .
Swell choice .
The South Korean left - hander pitched seven dominant innings and Los Angeles launched three home runs to beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 0 on Thursday night .
Ryu delivered in his first postseason start since 2014 . He allowed four singles - all with two outs - struck out eight and walked none .
' ' He was in control . There was a lot of soft contact , '' Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said . ' ' He was doing what he wanted to do . It was good to see , and we needed that one . ''
The only slip Ryu made was when he mistook the second out of the fourth inning for the last out and started walking toward the dugout . He laughed upon realizing the gaffe .
The 31-year - old Ryu missed 3 1/2 months of the season with a groin strain and returned Aug. 15 to post a 1.88 ERA in 52 2/3 innings .
' ' When he came back we were n't sure who we were going to get , '' teammate Enrique Hernandez said . ' ' It seemed like he did n't miss a beat . ''
Dodgers great Sandy Koufax was among those who gave Ryu a standing ovation as he walked to the dugout after his final pitch .
' ' I ' m happy that I was able to keep my promise that I would go full - throttle from the get - go , '' Ryu said through a translator .
Ryu even collected his first career postseason hit with a single in the fourth .
The Dodgers set franchise and National League records by hitting 235 homers during the regular season , and their tear continued with three more to begin their playoffs . The defending NL champions actually were outhit 6 - 5 by Atlanta , but the Braves only got singles .
' ' I do n't really feel like there 's anyone on this team that 's going up there trying to hit a home run , '' said Max Muncy , who had a three - run shot with two outs in the second . ' ' It 's just a result of us having a good approach and good at - bats . I feel like a lot of the home runs we ' ve had have come off of long at - bats , working the counts and wearing the pitcher down . ''
Game 2 in the best - of - five matchup is Friday at Dodger Stadium , with Kershaw starting for Los Angeles against Anibal Sanchez .
' ' A guy with his pedigree and his track record , we 're pretty excited to have him going tomorrow night , '' Dodgers third baseman Justin Turner said of Kershaw .
The Braves have lost eight straight series openers in the postseason . They have n't won a Game 1 since 2001 when they went on to sweep Houston in the NLDS .
Rookie Ronald Acuna Jr. struck out twice and went 0 for 4 as the Baby Braves were blanked . This was Atlanta 's first playoff appearance since 2013 , when they lost to the Dodgers in four games .
Joc Pederson 's leadoff shot in the bottom of the first rattled Mike Foltynewicz in his postseason debut .
Foltynewicz gave up four runs and three hits in two innings . The right - hander struck out five and walked two . He got out of a two - out , bases - loaded jam in the first by striking out Yasiel Puig .
' ' If you do n't have your fastball command , they 're going to spit on a lot of things , which they did tonight , '' Foltynewicz said .
He found trouble again in the second .
With two outs , Foltynewicz hit Pederson and walked Justin Turner before Muncy sent a 1 - 0 pitch over the wall in center , making it 4 - 0 .
' ' That three - run home run was big for all of us , including me , '' Ryu said .
Hernandez hit a solo shot with two outs in the sixth off Brad Brach . Pinch - hitter David Freese added a sacrifice fly in the eighth .
Ryu allowed a two - out single to Freddie Freeman in the first .
After that , he retired 12 consecutive batters before a pair of two - out singles to Ender Inciarte and former Dodger Charlie Culberson in the fifth . Puig charged in on pinch - hitter Kurt Suzuki 's fly to right field to end the inning . The Braves did n't advance a runner past second base in the game .
Ryu gave up another two - out single to Ozzie Albies in the seventh . With fans on their feet waving blue towels and the crowd of 50,947 chanting his name , Ryu got Inciarte on a swinging strikeout to end the inning .
' ' Typically we 're not a team that strikes out a lot , and I think that just the fastball command really kept us off - balance the whole night , '' Braves manager Brian Snitker said .
Relievers Caleb Ferguson , Alex Wood and Dylan Floro completed the shutout .
AT HOME
Ryu was 5 - 2 with a 1.15 ERA in nine starts at Dodger Stadium in the regular season . The Dodgers went 7 - 2 in those games . That 's the lowest ERA among pitchers with 50 or more innings at home , according to STATS .
UP NEXT
RHP Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 6 , 2.83 ERA ) starts Game 2 for Atlanta . He is 2 - 4 with a 2.79 ERA in seven postseason starts . He last pitched in the playoffs in 2014 with Detroit . Kershaw ( 9 - 5 , 2.73 ) goes for the Dodgers . The veteran ace is 7 - 7 with a 4.35 ERA in 24 postseason games . He gave up four homers in Game 1 of last year 's NLDS , the most allowed by a Dodgers pitcher in playoff history .
