Moustakas scores Yelich in 10th , Brewers top Rox in opener
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) Extra innings , two outs and the winning run on third in Game 1 of the playoffs .
Short on playoff experience , the Milwaukee Brewers dealt for veteran Mike Moustakas over the summer to produce in just this kind of spot .
Good deal .
Moustakas scored MVP front - runner Christian Yelich with a two - out single in the 10th inning , and the Brewers bounced back to beat the Colorado Rockies 3 - 2 Thursday in their NL Division Series opener .
After giving up two runs in the ninth that made it 2-all , the Brewers regrouped and soon celebrated . Making their first postseason appearance since 2011 , they won their ninth straight game overall .
Moustakas had already produced for Kansas City in October , hitting .304 in the 2015 World Series to help beat the Mets .
He 's doing it again in Milwaukee after being acquired from the Royals in late July .
' ' Being in a postseason a couple years back , it definitely helps , '' Moustakas said .
Chants of ' ' Mooose ! '' echoed around Miller Park after the winning hit .
Game 2 is Friday in Milwaukee with Colorado 's Tyler Anderson opposing Jhoulys Chacin , who led Milwaukee with 35 starts this year . He started Monday when the Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 1 in the NL Central tiebreaker at Wrigley Field .
Yelich hit a two - run homer in the third inning , then opened the 10th with a walk against Adam Ottavino , coming back from an 0 - 2 count .
Yelich made his postseason debut , though the even - keeled star spoke as if he had been through this before .
' ' You 're just trying to slow the situation down ... find a way to get on and make something happen , put some pressure on him , '' Yelich said . ' ' And Moose was able to come through there at the end with the huge hit . ''
Yelich advanced to second on a wild pitch and came home on Moustakas ' line drive to right field . After almost winning the Triple Crown this year , Yelich got two hits , scored twice and stole a base in his playoff debut .
Josh Hader and the Brewers allowed just one hit over eight innings in a dominant bullpen game and led 2 - 0 before Jeremy Jeffress gave up three straight singles to open the ninth . Charlie Blackmon grounded an RBI single shortly after his ground - rule double was overruled on replay review , and Nolan Arenado added a bases - loaded sacrifice fly to tie it .
But Colorado could n't come through in extras again after outlasting the Chicago Cubs 2 - 1 in 13 innings in the NL wild - card game on Tuesday .
' ' Everybody knows I throw a lot of sliders . In that spot , I wanted to elevate . I wanted to get a little higher than I got it , '' Ottavino said . ' ' I think I guessed what he was looking for wrong there . ''
Joakim Soria picked up the win in the opener with a scoreless 10th .
MOOSE IS LOOSE
The two - time All - Star third baseman had 15 RBIs in 31 postseason games while with the Royals .
Make it 16 now in Milwaukee .
' ' Look , Moose has been in those spots , '' manager Craig Counsell said . ' ' It 's something that you try to not make the situation too big , and he did a great job of it and finally got a pitch to it . ''
COLD COLORADO
The big - hitting Rockies , meanwhile , are still struggling to find their stroke . After beating the Cubs earlier in the week , this visit to Miller Park meant them playing in a different city for the fourth time in five days .
' ' Time will tell , but I think the day off helped yesterday , '' skipper Bud Black said . ' ' I think the postseason energizes players . ''
BULLPEN DAY
With more and more teams relying exclusively on relievers in the regular season , the Brewers tried to take the new - wave approach to a new level in October . Out of the six pitchers who took the mound , only Jeffress allowed any runs .
Corbin Burnes , who tossed scoreless innings in the fourth and fifth , was the only other reliever to allow a hit .
Colorado was 1 of 23 with 10 strikeouts over the first eight innings . They were 3 of 6 in the ninth .
STAT LINES
Matt Holliday 's pinch - hit single in the ninth was his 15th career postseason with Colorado , tying him with Yorvit Torrealba atop the team 's career playoff hits list . ... Yelich became just the fifth Brewers player to reach base at least four times in a postseason game . ... OF Ryan Braun went 2 for 5 to record his ninth career multihit game in the postseason .
UP NEXT
Anderson ( 7 - 9 , 4.55 ERA ) starts Game 2 in Milwaukee , coming off 7 2/3 shutout innings in a 12 - 0 win on Sunday over Washington that set up the NL West tiebreaker game the next day against the Dodgers . It was the left - hander 's first victory since July 4 . Chacin ( 15 - 8 , 3.50 ) turned into the Brewers ' most consistent starting pitcher this season . He will work on three days ' rest after allowing one run and one hit in 5 2/3 innings in that win over the Cubs .
