Sale strong , ' pen shaky as Red Sox beat Yankees 5 - 4 in ALDS
BOSTON ( AP ) Chris Sale left the mound to a standing ovation and then waited along with anxious Red Sox fans while the Boston bullpen frittered away most of a five - run lead .
Bases loaded in the sixth inning . Two runs .
Bases loaded , nobody out in the seventh . The Yankees scored another .
A leadoff home run by Aaron Judge in the ninth made it a one - run game .
It was only after Craig Kimbrel struck out the last three New York batters that Sale could savor the first postseason win of his career , a 5 - 4 victory over Boston 's longtime rivals Friday night in Game 1 of the AL Division Series .
' ' There 's no holding back now . It 's everything on the table , everything you ' ve got , '' Sale said after striking out eight and taking a four - hit shutout into the sixth . ' ' I threw every pitch tonight like he was going to take the ball out of my hand after . You have to go up there and do what you have to do to get a win . ''
Game 2 in the best - of - five series is Saturday night , with Boston starting another pitcher trying to overcome a history of postseason struggles : left - hander David Price is 0 - 8 as a starter in the playoffs . He 'll face Yankees righty Masahiro Tanaka .
' ' It 's a five - game series , and getting them to use the bullpen is a good thing , '' Judge said . ' ' We were able to scratch a couple of runs off them . We ' ve got to build off that coming into tomorrow . ''
In the first playoff matchup between the teams since 2004 , J.D. Martinez hit a three - run homer off J.A. Happ in the first . The 108-win Red Sox made it 5 - 0 in the third and then white - knuckled it as New York slowly chipped away after Sale left with two on and one out in the sixth .
New York , which won 100 regular - season games plus the AL wild - card game against Oakland , got three singles and two walks in the sixth , scoring two before Brandon Workman - the only player on the Red Sox roster with a World Series ring - struck out Gleyber Torres to end the threat .
The Yankees loaded the bases with nobody out in the seventh but scored just one run . Boston manager Alex Cora used scheduled Game 3 starter Rick Porcello to get two outs in the eighth before turning to Kimbrel for a four - out save .
' ' We almost caught them , '' Yankees manager Aaron Boone said . ' ' I thought we did a really good job of pecking away , a good job of giving ourselves opportunities , and just ran out of time there . ''
It was the first ALDS matchup between the clubs and the first in the postseason since the Red Sox staged an unprecedented rally from a 3 - 0 deficit in the 2004 AL Championship Series to advance and then won the World Series to end their 86-year dynasty of disappointment . ( They also met in the ALCS the year before , and it ended with Boone 's 11th - inning homer in Game 7 , better known in Boston as the game when manager Grady Little inexplicably left a tiring Pedro Martinez on the mound . )
Boston fans were ready , with derisive chants for the Yankees during introductions and again after J.D. Martinez smacked a 2 - 0 fastball into the glove of a stem cell researcher in the front row of the seats above the Green Monster .
' ' Everything you did before in the season does n't matter anymore . This is the playoffs , '' said Martinez , who signed with Boston as a free agent in the offseason . ' ' You know what the situation is . You 're playing the Yankees . This is the playoffs . You have to go . And now is the time to get it going . ''
Sale left with a 5 - 0 lead after giving up singles to Judge and Stanton in the sixth ; both came around to score . In all , Sale was charged with two runs on five hits and two walks in 5 1/3 innings - the longest playoff outing for a Red Sox starter since 2013 .
Martinez and Benintendi each had two hits for Boston . Judge had three hits , including the only extra - base hit , and Luke Voit had two singles for New York , which went 1 for 7 with runners in scoring position .
Happ lasted just two innings for his shortest postseason start , allowing five runs on four hits and a walk while striking out two .
POWER OUTAGE
The Yankees had 10 hits , but the first nine were singles . Stanton , who hit 38 homers in the regular season , had four of the Yankees ' 13 strikeouts .
' ' Sometimes you know that goes with Giancarlo sometimes , '' Boone said . ' ' If you make pitches against him , his outs are a lot of times strikeouts . ... You have to live with that sometimes . ''
NO RELIEF
Ryan Brasier faced three batters and two of them reached . Workman got a big out but also allowed two hits and a walk . Matt Barnes walked one but allowed an inherited runner to score . Even the usually reliable Kimbrel coughed up a run .
Just like that , the 5 - 0 lead was down to one run .
It was exactly the kind of performance that had Boston fans in a panic entering the series . But Workman insisted the team is still confident in its bullpen .
' ' I believe we 're the guys that are going to get the job done , '' he said .
HAMMY TIME
Aaron Hicks singled off Sale to start the fourth - ending an 11-pitch at - bat - but once he got to first base he began flexing his right leg . After a visit from the trainer , Hicks was replaced by pinch - runner Brett Gardner .
Hicks , who battled hamstring problems down the stretch , was also late going out to center field in the bottom of the first . The team said he had tightness in his right hamstring and was being evaluated .
' ' He 'll get examined further tomorrow , and have an MRI and everything , '' Boone said . ' ' He felt like it might have been cramping , so we 'll just have to see . ''
UP NEXT
Price pitches for the Red Sox in search of his first playoff win as a starter , though he has two postseason wins in relief . Tanaka pitched seven shutout innings in Game 5 of the ALCS against Houston last year .
