Kershaw allows 2 hits , Dodgers blank Braves 3 - 0 for 2 - 0 lead
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) With Sandy Koufax sitting in the front row , Clayton Kershaw pitched the best postseason game of his career , motivated partly by being passed over as the Dodgers ' Game 1 starter .
He responded with a postseason career - high eight innings of two - hit ball in his team 's second straight playoff shutout , and Manny Machado slugged a two - run homer as Los Angeles beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 0 on Friday night for a 2 - 0 lead in their NL Division Series .
' ' I think that it was one of the best outings that I ' ve seen , '' Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said . ' ' He was in complete control . ''
The Dodgers used a nearly identical formula to win 6 - 0 in Game 1 behind Hyun - Jin Ryu , who allowed only four two - out singles over seven innings , and home runs by Joc Pederson , Max Muncy and Enrique Hernandez .
Kershaw was even better . The left - hander struck out three and walked none in the longest scoreless playoff outing for a Dodgers pitcher since Jose Lima tossed a complete - game shutout in Game 3 of the 2004 NLDS against St. Louis .
' ' Maybe a tick , for sure , '' Kershaw said of earning some extra satisfaction . ' ' But Ryu threw so unbelievable last night that you just want to match him . That 's all I was trying to do . ''
Ryu and Kershaw became the second pair of Dodgers starters to have consecutive postseason games with seven - plus scoreless innings . Jerry Reuss and Burt Hooton did it in 1981 , against Houston and Montreal .
The Dodgers joined the 1921 New York Yankees as the only teams to open a postseason series with back - to - back shutouts , according to STATS . They recorded their first consecutive shutouts since Games 2 and 3 of the 2016 NL Championship Series against the Cubs .
Los Angeles can sweep the best - of - five series in Game 3 on Sunday in Atlanta , where the Baby Braves will be looking to score for the first time this postseason .
' ' I see the frustration those guys have against this guy , '' Braves starter Anibal Sanchez said of his teammates facing Kershaw .
Kershaw got bypassed as the Game 1 starter in favor of Ryu after the three - time Cy Young Award winner had started eight of the Dodgers ' past 10 postseason openers . Roberts said it was done to give both Ryu and Kershaw five days of rest between starts .
' ' This guy is a potential Hall of Fame player , '' Roberts said . ' ' So to have the noise around him , but when it comes to his day to start and to help his club win a game , I had no concern that anything was going to affect him . ''
One more victory would put Los Angeles in the NLCS for the third straight year . The Dodgers beat the Cubs last season and lost to them in 2016 .
Kershaw ran out to the mound as though he was going to pitch the ninth , bringing cheers from the sellout crowd of 54,452 . But when Roberts went out to pull his ace after 85 pitches , fans booed .
Roberts deked to force the hand of Atlanta manager Brian Snitker , who ended up wasting Tyler Flowers before sending up Lucas Duda as the pinch - hitter .
' ' I felt that that was a way that you can use their two best hitters off the bench and get our guy in there , '' Roberts said .
Kershaw was fine with it , too .
' ' The plan all along was if they burned their bench , which is what we wanted to do and Flowers came out , that Kenley had the ninth , '' he said .
Kenley Jansen gave up a one - out single to Ronald Acuna Jr. before earning the save .
Machado hit a two - run shot on a 3 - 0 pitch from Sanchez with two outs in the first . Joc Pederson doubled leading off .
Yasmani Grandal homered on an 0 - 2 pitch from Sanchez leading off the fifth to make it 3 - 0 .
Acuna doubled to deep left - center on Kershaw 's first pitch . He became the first Braves runner to reach third base in the series when Johan Camargo grounded out to Kershaw .
After Acuna 's double , Kershaw retired 14 consecutive batters until Ender Inciarte reached on an infield single with two outs in the fifth . Ex - Dodger Charlie Culberson grounded into a fielder 's choice to shortstop , with Inciarte out at second .
' ' He has a feel for everything and when his curveball 's on , it 's going to be a good night for him , '' Culberson said . ' ' He 's one of the best , and he showed it . ''
Kershaw was sharp on defense , too .
He chased around to grab a ball hit by Camargo and fired to first in time for the initial out of the fourth .
One inning later , Kershaw did a 180-degree spin after a comebacker by Ozzie Albies struck him in the hamstring , slipped on the grass and made the throw to first for the second out of the fifth . A trainer briefly came out to check on Kershaw , who threw one warmup pitch to prove he was fine .
' ' It just got me in a good spot , kind of in the belly of the leg right there , '' Kershaw said , ' ' so maybe a little sore tomorrow , but I should be good . ''
The Dodgers backed Kershaw with a double play to end the sixth after he plunked pinch - hitter Lane Adams leading off and Acuna Jr. grounded into a fielder 's choice .
' ' A lot of great plays all the way around , '' Kershaw said .
The Braves ' offense was anemic again .
Other than Acuna 's double and his single in the ninth , they were limited to a two - out single by Inciarte in the fifth . Freddie Freeman was hitless with a strikeout in four at - bats . Nick Markakis went 0 for 3 with a strikeout , and Albies was 0 for 3 .
' ' You ca n't blame any one person , '' Snitker said . ' ' I mean , it 's just our whole lineup is having a hard time . ''
KERSH 'S KIDS
Kershaw juggled daughter Cali and son Charley on his lap in the postgame interview room . With a pacifier in his mouth , Charley bopped the microphone with his hand a couple of times and Cali smiled at the crowd of reporters and cameras .
' ' Y'all are supposed to be in bed , '' Kershaw said , clearly pleased to have his hands full .
UP NEXT
With their season on the line , the NL East champion Braves are likely to start RHP Kevin Gausman on Sunday . He came over from Baltimore before the July 31 trade deadline in a six - player deal and was 5 - 3 with a 2.87 ERA in 10 starts for Atlanta .
The Dodgers are going with rookie RHP Walker Buehler , who was 8 - 5 with a 2.62 ERA this season . Buehler last pitched on Monday , allowing one hit in 6 2/3 innings and striking out three in the NL West tiebreaker victory over the Rockies .
