Chacin , Brewers blank Rockies 4 - 0 , take 2 - 0 lead in NLDS
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) It turns out there is way more to the Milwaukee Brewers than just Christian Yelich .
The rest of this Brew Crew can play , too . Especially those guys in that loaded bullpen .
Jhoulys Chacin pitched five sparkling innings on short rest , Mike Moustakas contributed two more big hits and the Brewers blanked the Colorado Rockies 4 - 0 Friday to take a 2 - 0 lead in their NL Division Series .
While the sweet - swinging Yelich had a quiet day by his lofty standards , the NL Central champions showed off their supporting cast on the way to their 10th straight win going back to an impressive finish to the regular season . Erik Kratz had two hits and two RBIs , and Milwaukee 's bullpen closed the door after Chacin delivered in his playoff debut .
' ' It 's been the story of the last six weeks for us for sure , really since the trade deadline , is we ' ve become a team with a lot of depth , and that 's how we 're going to have to win , '' manager Craig Counsell said . ' ' They 're making an effort to be very , very cautious with Yelich . It 's pretty clear . So guys behind him are going to have opportunities . ''
Game 3 is Sunday at Coors Field . Another win , and Milwaukee is into the NL Championship Series for the first time since its previous postseason appearance in 2011 .
' ' The only thing that changes is that we hit first , '' Moustakas said . ' ' Other than that , it 's still baseball . It 'll be a little bit of a hostile environment . ''
The Rockies , who have played in four different cities since Sunday , are hoping a return to more familiar surroundings will help jump - start their dormant lineup .
' ' We 're going home , where we feel really good hitting , '' shortstop Trevor Story said . ' ' Hopefully we can get it turned around there . ''
Nolan Arenado had two of Colorado 's six hits - just two more than the franchise playoff low set in Thursday 's 3 - 2 , 10-inning loss in Game 1 . The wild - card Rockies have scored six times in their last four games , and their potent lineup is showing signs of frustration .
Chris Iannetta snapped his bat in half over his right leg after he struck out with a runner on third , no one out and Colorado down 1 - 0 in the seventh . Arenado threw down his bat and helmet after he struck out swinging in the fifth . Carlos Gonzalez leaned over with his hands on his knees after he lined out in the eighth .
' ' They ' ve got some quality arms . They ' ve got good stuff , '' manager Bud Black said . ' ' But with that said , it is a little surprising that we 're not generating some runs . ''
The Rockies had just one hit through eight innings in the series opener before rallying for two runs in the ninth against Jeremy Jeffress . But the All - Star was back to his normal self in Game 2 , working around a single in the eighth and ninth for his first save in his third career playoff game .
The excitable right - hander punctuated the win with a big fist pump after retiring David Dahl for the final out .
' ' It 's fun , '' Jeffress said with 4-year - old daughter Jurnee sitting in his lap . ' ' I ' m enjoying every single moment , and that shows . ''
Jeffress shared some Gatorade with Jurnee while she waited patiently for him to finish up .
' ' Every time I leave that bullpen , I say it 's for her , '' the 31-year - old Jeffress said . ' ' I mean , to have her watch and understand - she understands . She does fist pumps just like I do . She understands , and to have her here enjoying this moment with me , it 's great . ''
Backed by a sellout crowd of 44,547 waving yellow towels and standing for every big moment , Chacin set up Milwaukee 's bullpen by escaping a pair of early jams . The veteran right - hander , who helped pitch the Brewers past the Chicago Cubs in the division tiebreaker Monday at Wrigley Field , allowed three hits and walked three .
Tyler Anderson matched Chacin zero for zero before Moustakas and Hernan Perez hit consecutive one - out doubles in the fourth . The Brewers had a chance for more , but Perez was caught off third in a baserunning blunder and Kratz flied out to end the inning .
Moustakas , who got the game - ending hit in the series opener , came up with the bases loaded in the eighth and singled in Yelich to give Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead . Kratz tacked on a two - run single with two out .
' ' That 's just what we ' ve done all year . We pick each other up , and it 's huge , '' Kratz said .
The 30-year - old Moustakas helped Kansas City win the World Series in 2015 and was acquired by Milwaukee in a trade in late July . Back in the playoffs for the first time since that run with the Royals , the veteran third baseman is working on another memorable October .
' ' His experience , it 's important , '' Counsell said . ' ' It really is . ''
YELICH 'S DAY
Yelich went 0 for 2 and walked twice . After almost winning the Triple Crown this year , he homered , singled , walked twice and scored two runs Thursday in his first postseason game .
UP NEXT
Colorado right - hander German Marquez and Milwaukee left - hander Wade Miley make their playoff debut in Game 3 . Marquez last pitched on Monday in the NL West tiebreaker game at Los Angeles , allowing four runs , two earned , in 4 2/3 innings in the Rockies ' 5 - 2 loss to the Dodgers . Miley signed with the Brewers in the offseason . The lefty went 3 - 0 with a 3.52 ERA in five September starts , but lasted just three innings in his most recent outing last Saturday against Detroit .
