Springer , Astros hit 4 HRs , down Indians 7 - 2 in ALDS opener
HOUSTON ( AP ) It 's October and George Springer , Jose Altuve and Alex Bregman are all hitting home runs once again , helping the Houston Astros to a postseason win .
A year after launching a World Series - record 15 homers in winning their first championship , the Astros picked up right where they left off , hitting four home runs to power past the Cleveland Indians 7 - 2 Friday in Game 1 of the AL Division Series .
Martin Maldonado also connected for the Astros , who did n't waste any time displaying the same power that carried them to last year 's title .
Much was made about the pitching prowess these teams possess in the days leading up to this game . But it was a bunch of longballs to put the Astros ahead in this best - of - five series .
' ' As much as I ' ve heard different opinions about our offense , it 's pretty long , it 's pretty good , it 's pretty potent , '' manager AJ Hinch said . ' ' Case in point today . ''
Houston 's pop backed up a solid start by Justin Verlander , who bested Corey Kluber in a matchup of Cy Young Award - winning aces in the first postseason meeting between these teams .
Verlander took a no - hitter into the sixth inning and got his 12th playoff win . He allowed two hits and two runs in 5 1/3 innings - the Indians finished with only three hits , all singles .
Kluber , a two - time Cy Young winner who was coming off his first 20-win season , was tagged for three home runs in 4 2/3 innings . It was a repeat performance from last October 's ALDS , when he made two starts against the Yankees and left with a 12.79 ERA .
Game 2 is Saturday in Houston . Gerrit Cole starts for the Astros against Carlos Carrasco .
The Astros hit 27 homers last postseason - Springer hit five in the World Series and set a record by connecting in four straight games on his way to winning the MVP award .
Bregman , coming off a breakout year , got Houston 's first hit with his drive to the Crawford Boxes in left field to start a two - run fourth inning .
' ' The only thing I can say about him is without him we would n't be here , '' Altuve said .
The 103-win Astros were still up 2 - 0 when Springer led off the fifth with a full - count homer to left . That made him just the third player in major league history to homer in five straight postseason games .
' ' I ' m happy that I was able to help us win in all of those games and be a sparkplug , '' Springer said .
Two pitches later Altuve , last year 's AL MVP , connected for his eighth career postseason homer when he also sent one to left field . He began last year 's playoffs with three home runs in the ALDS opener against Boston .
Kluber watched stone - faced as Altuve headed for first and shook his head slightly as he rounded the bases and the crowd roared with scattered chants of ' ' MVP . ''
Kluber followed up his splendid regular season with another playoff dud . A year after giving up four homers in two starts against the Yankees , the longball again proved to be a problem for him . He left with two outs in the fifth inning after allowing six hits and four runs while walking three .
' ' Last year has nothing to do with today , '' Cleveland manager Terry Francona said . ' ' They 're a good team . He made a couple mistakes . They made him pay for it . ''
Verlander was masterful through the first five innings , with Cleveland 's only baserunner in that span coming on a walk to Jose Ramirez with two outs in the first . The Houston right - hander set down 13 in a row after that , fanning seven , including striking out the side in the third .
Yan Gomes broke up the no - hitter with his single to shallow right field to start the sixth and Francisco Lindor singled with one out in the inning . When Verlander walked Michael Brantley to load the bases after that , Hinch had seen enough and replaced him with Ryan Pressly .
The Indians cut the lead to 4 - 1 on a wild pitch by Pressly , who came to Houston in a July trade , and got within two when Lindor scored on a groundout by Ramirez .
Maldonado , making his playoff debut , connected off Cody Allen for a two - out homer in the seventh . Bregman made it 6 - 2 with an RBI single later in the inning .
UNHAPPY HECTOR
Houston reliever Hector Rondon , who Hinch said was ' ' very upset '' about not making the ALDS roster , did not come onto the field when he was introduced with the team 's reserves before the game . He also was not on the field during the national anthem , but did join the team in the dugout for the game .
Rondon , signed by the Astros to a two - year deal in the offseason , was left off the roster in favor of hard - throwing rookie Josh James because of his ability to throw multiple innings .
Hinch said Rondon could be used in the ALCS if the Astros advance . Rondon was 2 - 5 with 15 saves and a 3.20 ERA in 63 games .
FOR STARTERS
In a season where openers and using multiple relievers instead of defined starters has become popular , Verlander believes that true starters like him remain very important to the game .
' ' I think you need it , '' he said . ' ' I think the more relievers get used every single day , it has an effect ... I do n't have the answers . But I do believe in innings . I believe in protecting the bullpen . And I believe in a starting pitcher . ''
UP NEXT
Cole ( 15 - 5 , 2.88 ERA ) ranked second in the AL with 276 strikeouts this season , only trailing Verlander 's 290 , and was fifth with 200 1/3 innings pitched . He will be making his fourth playoff start and first since 2015 with the Pirates . He is 1 - 2 with a 3.94 ERA in those games .
It will be just the second career postseason start for Carrasco ( 17 - 10 , 3.38 ) , who is 4 - 2 with a 3.45 ERA in eight appearances , with seven starts against Houston .
