Sanchez , Judge power Yankees past Red Sox 6 - 2 to even ALDS
BOSTON ( AP ) Aaron Judge helped chase David Price early by hitting a home run to a part of Fenway Park where balls rarely travel .
Gary Sanchez did him one better .
The Yankees catcher , who tested his manager 's confidence with a sub-.200 batting average and poor defense for most of the season , hit two homers , the second a 479-foot shot clear out of the ballpark that sent New York to a 6 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Saturday night and tied their AL Division Series at one game apiece .
' ' Just a monster night , '' Yankees manager Aaron Boone said . ' ' You know he 's capable of that . We all know he 's capable of that . That 's kind of what we ' ve been waiting for to some degree , where he can take over a game on offense . ''
One night after Chris Sale earned his first career playoff victory , Price fell to 0 - 9 in 10 postseason starts and was booed off the field after five outs by a Fenway crowd hoping to see the Red Sox protect the home - field advantage they earned with an AL East title and franchise - record 108 regular - season wins .
Instead , Masahiro Tanaka helped the wild - card Yankees claim the first victory by a road team in a Division Series game this year and gave them a chance to advance to the AL Championship Series with a pair of wins at home , where they are 7 - 0 over the past two postseasons .
Games 3 and 4 are at Yankee Stadium on Monday and Tuesday nights , with Game 5 back in Boston on Thursday , if necessary .
' ' We ca n't wait , '' Judge said . ' ' We know our fans are waiting for us to come back home , especially with the series tied 1 - 1 . ''
Judge homered for the third straight playoff game , a 445-foot shot that landed in the back row of seats above the Green Monster , high above the 379-foot marker and about 10 feet to the left of the pole flying an American flag blowing straight out .
It was the longest home run of the postseason - for about five innings .
That 's when Sanchez aimed one in the same direction , sending it out of the park and onto Lansdowne Street . A few feet away , a plaque commemorates the six home runs in the 106-year history of Fenway Park that have cleared the back wall to the other side of the flagpole .
' ' Everybody knows that Judge has way more power than me , '' said Sanchez , who joined Yogi Berra as the only catchers in Yankees history with multihomer postseason games . ' ' But a homer is a homer . And if we have the opportunity to score runs like that , you know , even if it 's 300 feet , I 'll take it . ''
Sanchez also had a solo shot in the second inning to give New York a 2 - 0 lead . Price then walked back - to - back batters with two outs and gave up Andrew McCutchen 's RBI single on what could be his last pitch in a Red Sox uniform .
The 2012 AL Cy Young Award winner - and two - time runner - up for the award - Price signed a seven - year , $ 217 million deal to come to Boston as a free agent before the 2016 season and has pitched like an ace at times in the regular season . But his postseason struggles have caused Red Sox fans to sour on him , and vice versa ; he can opt out of his contract after the season , and if he can find something close to the four years and $ 124 million he is owed , he might just take it .
In all , Price was charged with three runs on three hits and two walks in 1 2/3 innings - the shortest playoff start of his career , and tied with Roger Clemens for the shortest in Red Sox postseason history . It was the first time in 299 regular - season and postseason starts that Price failed to strike out a batter .
' ' I just want to win . That 's it , '' Price said . ' ' My main goal is to win in the playoffs , to win a World Series . ... And whatever I need to do to help us do that , I ' m fine with . But I know I ' m more than capable of winning games as a starter in October . That 's what I look forward to doing . ''
Tanaka allowed just three hits , including Xander Bogaerts ' solo homer , before leaving after five innings with a 3 - 1 lead . He struck out four and walked one .
BAD BLOOD
Red Sox reliever Ryan Brasier had words with Sanchez in the fifth , when the Yankees catcher stepped out of the box to think about the 1 - 2 count against him . Brasier motioned impatiently for Sanchez to get back in the box , and told him so in some impolite terms .
Sanchez struck out on the next pitch , a 97 mph fastball . But when he came up again in the seventh , he broke the game open . Sanchez had three multihomer games in the regular season , none after May 19 .
' ' Not much to talk about , '' Brasier said plainly . ' ' He stepped out three pitches in a row after an 0 - 2 count , and I felt like it was time to throw the pitch . He just kept stepping out . I was ready to go . That 's all it was . ''
UP NEXT
The teams have Sunday off before resuming the series in New York on Monday night . Luis Severino is scheduled to pitch for the Yankees against Rick Porcello or Nathan Eovaldi .
