Gonzalez , Bregman lift Astros over Indians for 2 - 0 ALDS lead
HOUSTON ( AP ) Justin Verlander and Gerrit Cole have been even more brilliant in the playoffs , keeping Cleveland 's powerful offense in check to give the Houston Astros a 2 - 0 lead in the AL Division Series .
Cole struck out 12 and walked none , combining with two relievers on Houston 's second straight three - hitter in a 3 - 1 victory Saturday .
' ' There 's no doubt we expect to be good , but this is a team effort , '' Cole said . ' ' So , we expect to keep our team in the ballgame . I do n't know about all the personal accolades or all the dominance or that kind of stuff , but we just want to put up a fight . ''
Marwin Gonzalez hit a go - ahead , two - run double and Alex Bregman homered for the second straight day .
Next up : 2015 AL Cy Young winner Dallas Keuchel will oppose Mike Clevinger in Game 3 of this best - of - five series on Monday in Cleveland .
Francisco Lindor hit a third - inning homer for the AL Central champion Indians , who have three runs in the two games . Cleveland is batting .100 ( 6 for 60 ) following a regular season in which the Indians ranked second in the majors with a .259 average . Jose Ramirez , Edwin Encarnacion and Josh Donaldson have combined to go 1 for 22 .
' ' This is one of the best offenses in the league , '' manager AJ Hinch said . ' ' They can do damage . They can put long at - bats together . ( Cole ) used all his pitches . He was creative . What else can I say ? He was awesome . ''
Gonzalez put the Astros ahead in the sixth with the third of his four hits , an opposite - field double to right off usually reliable reliever Andrew Miller .
' ' With a one - run lead , and with Gonzalez coming up the way he had swung the bat against him prior and Andrew 's history , I felt really good about it , '' manager Terry Francona said . ' ' Did n't work out the way we obviously planned . ''
Bregman homered against Trevor Bauer in the seventh , and the World Series champions moved within a win of a second straight trip to the AL Championship Series .
Cole allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , joining Tom Seaver ( 1973 ) as the only pitchers to strike out at least 12 batters without a walk in a postseason game .
Ryan Pressly got two outs , and Roberto Osuna walked one in a four - out save .
Cleveland starter Carlos Carrasco allowed two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings .
Jose Altuve singled leading off the sixth but slipped as he left the batter 's box and was limping after reaching first base . Hinch and a trainer came out to check on Altuve , who remained in the game .
Bregman walked and one out later , Cleveland brought in Miller , the dominating left - hander who was MVP of the 2016 AL Championship Series but has been slowed by injuries this year .
The switch - hitting Gonzalez turned around and hit right - handed . He fouled off a slider , then doubled on a fastball . Gonzalez , who hit a career - best .303 last season , has struggled this year hitting just .247 .
' ' It was a tough season for me on the offensive side ... but I ' ve been putting in a lot of work and it felt good today , '' Gonzalez said .
Miller had allowed just one previous inherited runner to score in the postseason , on a sacrifice fly by Boston 's David Ortiz in Game 3 of the 2016 AL Division Series .
Miller walked Carlos Correa on four pitches and loaded the bases with an intentional walk .
' ' I was n't good , '' Miller said . ' ' I was n't effective . ''
Bauer , a starter pitching in relief for the second straight day , retired Evan Gattis on a popout and struck out Martin Maldonado .
Cole retired 13 of 14 after Lindor 's homer , striking out the side in the fourth . After fanning Ramirez on three pitches to end the sixth , Cole screamed and pumped both arms as he walked off the mound .
Houston leadoff hitter George Springer went 1 for 4 with a single , ending a streak of five straight postseason games with a home run - one shy of Daniel Murphy 's record .
Now he and the Astros head to Cleveland hoping to set a different kind of mark by becoming the second team in franchise history to reach the championship series in consecutive seasons .
' ' We 're going to try to finish it on Monday , '' Gonzalez said . ' ' That 's the mentality that everybody has in the clubhouse . ''
OSUNA 'S STREAK
Osuna , acquired from Toronto in July , has pitched 11 1/3 scoreless innings in the postseason . The streak spans nine games , including six in a row against Cleveland . He 's converted all three save chances in the playoffs and each of his three saves have been more than three outs .
THEY SAID IT
Francona on his team 's mindset heading into Monday 's elimination game : ' ' Show up on Monday and play for our baseball life . Nobody wants to go home . So , try to keep this thing going . ''
UP NEXT
Keuchel ( 12 - 11 , 3.74 ERA ) is 4 - 2 with a 3.24 ERA in eight postseason games , including seven starts . Clevinger ( 13 - 8 , 3.02 ) will be making his first career postseason start after making six relief appearances with a 6.43 ERA .
