Vizcaino , Braves hold off Dodgers 6 - 5 , NLDS deficit now 2 - 1
ATLANTA ( AP ) Freddie Freeman put the Atlanta Braves ahead , then watched from first base as they almost give away the lead - and possibly their whole season .
' ' My heart 's still pounding , '' he said , moments after the last out . ' ' That 's how we ' ve been all year . ''
Reliever Arodys Vizcaino escaped his own jam in a nervy ninth inning and the Braves stopped the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 5 Sunday night , avoiding a sweep and cutting their deficit in the NL Division Series to 2 - 1 .
' ' I like our chances . We ' ve got a uniform on , so we know we ' ve got a chance , '' Freeman said .
Rookie Ronald Acuna Jr. hit a grand slam that helped the Braves build an early 5 - 0 lead . After the Dodgers rallied to tie it , Freeman homered in the sixth .
In the ninth , the Dodgers got runners on first and second with no outs after a single and a walk . Vizcaino came back from a 3 - 0 count to strike out slugger Max Muncy , and followed up by fanning Manny Machado on a wild pitch that moved the runners to second and third .
Because the Braves had already used their allotment of six mound visits , no one could go out to talk with the Atlanta closer , to give him a moment to settle down .
Not that he needed a break , apparently .
With the entire crowd at SunTrust Park standing , chanting and chopping , Vizcaino fanned a swinging Brian Dozier to end it .
' ' Credit to our guys for fighting back , '' Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said . '' ... We had our chances . And those guys made some pitches and got out of some traffic , but our guys stressed them , got on base , and gave ourselves an opportunity . But yeah , to take us over the top and take the lead again , we could n't get that one extra hit . ''
Game 4 is Monday afternoon at Atlanta .
Shut out in the first two games at Dodger Stadium , the NL East champion Baby Braves bounced back .
Acuna connected in the second , right after Dodgers rookie Walker Buehler walked Braves starter Sean Newcomb on four pitches with the bases loaded .
' ' He continues to amaze , '' Freeman said of Acuna . ' ' I do n't think we needed or wanted anybody else in that situation . ''
Roberts stuck with Buehler , who allowed no baserunners in the next three innings .
' ' It was good to see him recalibrate and give us five innings to at some point save our pen , '' Roberts said .
Buehler gave up five runs on only two hits and three walks in five innings .
' ' This one is on me , '' Buehler said , adding there is ' ' no excuse for the second inning . ... Sometimes you just lose it . I ' m proud of the way I found the zone again after that and moving forward . ''
Freeman connected on the first pitch from former teammate Alex Wood to put Atlanta back on top .
' ' Hopefully we 'll have some more big moments during this postseason and this is n't the only one , '' Freeman said .
Chris Taylor hit a two - run homer and Muncy added a tying homer in the fifth to lead the comeback for Los Angeles .
Tagged at the outset , Buehler regained control as the Dodgers began their rally . Newcomb was pulled after walking a pair of walks in the third and Justin Turner hit an RBI single off Kevin Gausman . Taylor also scored when Acuna bobbled the ball in left field for an error .
Taylor connected off Gausman , and Muncy added a tying homer off Max Fried in the fifth .
The Dodgers threatened in the sixth . Matt Kemp led off the inning with a double , but with one out was thrown out on shortstop Charlie Culberson 's throw to the plate .
MICKEY WHO ?
At 20 , Acuna became the youngest player to hit a postseason grand slam - Mickey Mantle was 21 when he did it for the New York Yankees in the 1953 World Series .
Mantle ? That 's a new name for Acuna .
' ' No , I do n't recognize him , '' he said through a translator . ' ' I was n't even born . ''
NO SWEEP FOR YOU
Los Angeles was denied its second straight NLDS sweep after winning three straight over Arizona in 2017 .
RECORD ATTENDANCE
The attendance was 42,385 , setting a SunTrust Park record in the second - year stadium 's first postseason game .
UP NEXT
The Dodgers are expected to start LHP Rich Hill ( 11 - 5 , 3.66 ) when the series continues on Monday . Hill pitched seven scoreless innings in an 8 - 2 win over Atlanta on July 26 .
The Braves will start RHP Mike Foltynewicz , who gave up four runs and three hits in two innings in Thursday night 's 6 - 0 Game 1 loss .
' ' He 's raring to go and itching to get the ball , and it 's still elimination , '' Braves manager Brian Snitker said . ' ' So we 're going to try and go with the best we got . ''
