Brewers sweep Rockies , advance to 1st NLCS since 2011
DENVER ( AP ) The 38-year - old journeyman catcher looked to his left and spotted his Milwaukee Brewers teammates spilling out of the dugout . Erik Kratz then looked straight ahead and saw his reliever standing alone .
So he took off for Josh Hader to give him , ' ' the biggest hug . ... Because you celebrate all your celebrations . Because you never know if you 're going to get another one , '' Kratz said .
Wade Miley pitched masterfully into the fifth inning before turning it over to a lights - out Milwaukee bullpen , Kratz kept up his torrid hitting and the Brewers beat the Colorado Rockies 6 - 0 in Game 3 on a cool , misty Sunday to sweep their NL Division Series .
The Brewers have won 11 straight dating to the regular season and advance to their first NL Championship Series since 2011 . They will play the winner of the Dodgers - Braves series , starting Friday at Miller Park - by the time that game starts , it will have been nearly three weeks since Milwaukee lost .
' ' One at a time , man . That 's what we ' ve been saying , one at a time , '' NL MVP candidate Christian Yelich said . ' ' Focus on the now . ''
In between sprays of sparkling wine inside the clubhouse , a chant rose up for Yelich : ' ' M - V - P ! M - V - P ! ''
No surprise , after the season he had .
But then the team started chanting the same thing for Kratz .
' ' That might be the champagne talking , '' Kratz cracked .
With manager Craig Counsell making all the right moves , Milwaukee 's pitching staff held Nolan Arenado , Trevor Story and the bruising Rockies to a combined two runs and 14 hits in the series . Of the 28 innings in the matchup , Colorado scored in only one of them .
' ' The story of the series for us was certainly our pitching , '' Counsell said .
It 's been that way for a couple weeks now , including Milwaukee 's 3 - 1 win over the Cubs at Wrigley Field last Monday in the NL Central tiebreaker . The next day , the Rockies outlasted the Cubs 2 - 1 in 13 innings to win the wild - card game .
Making his postseason debut , Miley toughed the elements - he wore short sleeves when the temperature was 46 degrees - and was even tougher on Rockies hitters . The wily left - hander allowed three hits over 4 2/3 innings .
A procession of five Brewers relievers allowed one hit the rest of the way . With two on , Hader got Ian Desmond to fly out to end the ninth and start an on - field celebration .
The first one to greet Hader was Kratz , who made his second postseason start and finished 3 for 4 with a double . Acquired from the New York Yankees in May for a player to be named , Kratz is making quite a name for himself in the playoffs . He went 5 for 8 in the series .
' ' I really feel like I ' ve played my last game for the last 12 years because the game does n't owe anybody anything , '' Kratz said . ' ' When you understand that you appreciate these times more than anything else . ''
Orlando Arcia and Keon Broxton hit back - to - back homers in the ninth off Wade Davis to make it 6 - 0 and end any sort of drama . Jesus Aguilar had a solo shot in the fourth off German Marquez that Counsell sort of predicted .
The Brewers manager said Saturday , ' ' Aggie is going to hit a home run in the playoffs , a big homer with men on base , I promise . ''
Granted , it was n't with men on base . But it was still big and gave the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead .
That was more than enough against a Colorado offense that was shut out twice in the series and hit .146 against Milwaukee 's stingy pitching . Colorado 's three All - Stars - Story , Arenado and Charlie Blackmon - finished the series with a combined five hits .
' ' We got into the dance . We fought , but we might not have played our best , '' Rockies manager Bud Black said . ' ' Part of that is the opposition , how they played . ''
This is how well it went for the Brewers on the drizzly day : They scored twice in the sixth without a hit - one on a balk and another on a wild pitch , with Kratz lumbering home for the second run .
The 31-year - old Miley endured a bumpy season that saw him suffer a strained groin in March and later miss two months with a right oblique strain . He bottled up the Rockies with a cutter , curve and an effective change .
Marquez went five innings and allowed two runs before being lifted for a pinch - hitter . He got the start over Denver native Kyle Freeland , whose 2.40 at Coors Field this season was the lowest mark for a starter in franchise history .
' ' Everyone wants to be the guy that takes the ball or has a big at - bat or makes a big play in the field , '' Freeland said . ' ' Unfortunately , we were n't able to get a win . It stinks a little bit that I was n't able to pitch here at home . ''
THIS & THAT
Arenado wore a ski mask late in the game due to the cool conditions . ... OF Carlos Gonzalez lost the grip on his bat in the ninth and it wound up in the screen by the Rockies dugout . ... The Rockies have lost 11 of their last 13 postseason games .
COOL BATS
The Rockies finished 1 for 17 with runners in scoring position .
' ' You saw a lot of guys chasing bad pitches , including myself , '' outfielder Carlos Gonzalez said . ' ' We were anxious . But at the same time , they have a great staff there . Their bullpen did a tremendous job . ''
UP NEXT
Brewers : Await the winner of the Braves - Dodgers series in the NLCS .
Rockies : That 's a wrap until 2019 , when they start the season March 28 - 31 with a four - game series in Miami .
