October orbit : Astros advance with 11 - 3 win , sweep Indians
CLEVELAND ( AP ) As his teammates sprayed each other with champagne and beer in Houston 's buzzing clubhouse , ace Justin Verlander stayed clear of the fray and foam while enjoying a cigar .
This was n't the time to get soaked . Bigger parties lie ahead .
The Astros are back in an October orbit .
The defending World Series champions advanced to the AL Championship Series for the second straight year - with surprising ease - by completing a division - round sweep of Cleveland on Monday with an 11 - 3 lashing in Game 3 helped by two key throwing errors from Indians reliever Trevor Bauer .
' ' No one takes anything for granted here , '' Verlander said . ' ' That 's the DNA of the guys in this clubhouse . This team has a propensity to do big things in big spots . This is an atmosphere that breeds winning .
' ' We have the most complete team in baseball . ''
Marwin Gonzalez hit a two - run double off Bauer in a three - run seventh inning , and the Astros scored 10 runs in their final three at - bats to turn a series that was supposed to be competitive into a complete rout .
' ' We 're the reigning world champs , and we really have a good ability to show up for the day , '' Houston manager A.J. Hinch said . ' ' So proud of our guys , the work they put into the winter . It was a short winter for us . As you can see , our guys are pretty hungry to advance . ''
The Astros moved to the ALCS on - deck circle , where they await the Boston - New York winner for a shot to play for another championship .
George Springer homered twice , Carlos Correa hit three - run homer for his first hit of the postseason and Houston 's bullpen combined for four scoreless innings , including six straight outs by winner Collin McHugh , as the AL West champions served notice that a second Series title is on their itinerary .
After the Astros finished this demolition of the Indians , they briefly celebrated on the infield at Progressive Field before donning ski goggles in their clubhouse .
For the Indians , another postseason ended earlier than planned . Cleveland was beaten in the first round for the second year in a row - New York came back from a 2 - 0 deficit in 2017 - and baseball 's longest World Series championship drought will reach a 71st anniversary .
The Indians hit just .144 in the series , were outscored 21 - 6 and have lost six straight playoff games . They were swept for the first time since the 1954 World Series .
' ' We got to go home now , before we 're ready to , '' manager Terry Francona said . ' ' That hurts . It always stings . I just told the guys , we ' ve got a number of guys that are free agents . You know there 's going to be some turnover , and it 's a real special group to all of us .
' ' So that 's a hard one , when you 're saying goodbye before you 're ready to . ''
Reliever Andrew Miller , one of several potential free agents , could n't allow himself to think about the future while saying goodbye to teammates .
' ' There 's probably a million things you could point to why we did n't win three games , '' said Miller , who was on the disabled list three times this year . ' ' This is is n't the way we want it to end . ''
Francisco Lindor homered off a circular digital clock in the fifth off Dallas Keuchel to give Cleveland a 2 - 1 lead that vanished in the seventh .
With a major assist , actually two of them by Bauer , the Astros rallied off Bauer . The starter - turned - postseason reliever , who took the loss , stooped behind the mound and dropped his head after his two errant throws .
Tony Kemp singled and was awarded second when Bauer 's pickoff throw hopped into the photographer 's pit . Springer reached on a dribbler that catcher Yan Gomes could n't make a play on as Kemp took third . Jose Altuve grounded into a forceout , with Kemp scoring to tie it 2 - 2 .
Bauer got the dangerous Alex Bregman to hit a comebacker . But the right - hander 's throw to second was off line , pulling Lindor off the bag and and both runners were safe - a mistake that surely will haunt the enigmatic pitcher all winter .
' ' I caught the ball . I turned around to throw it , '' Bauer said . ' ' I saw Frankie going to my right and the umpire crossing over and going to my left . I was in the middle of throwing . I kind of flinched . I made a bad throw . There 's no way around it . That should have been the end of the inning .
' ' It was a 2 - 2 game and we 're in the seventh and had a chance . I did n't execute . ''
As he walked to the dugout , Bauer , who did not commit an error in 28 appearances this season , received a polite ovation from Cleveland fans . They appreciated that the Indians had to ride him in October because of all the other problems in the team 's bullpen .
Mike Clevinger gave Francona a terrific outing - five strong innings before Bauer entered .
Springer , who struck out on three pitches in his first two at - bats against Clevinger , got him the third time and drove the first pitch into the left - field bleachers to tie it 1-all .
It was Springer 's franchise - record ninth homer in the postseason - he hit No . 10 in the eighth - and gave the Astros a homer in 12 straight playoff games , matching the AL record set by Baltimore ( 1983 , 1997 ) . After hitting just three home runs in the final 1 1/2 months of the regular season , Springer went deep three times against Cleveland .
Unlike the Indians , who coasted to a third straight title , Houston got pushed .
But once the Oakland Athletics applied pressure , the Astros took off and went 29 - 10 after Aug. 18 .
They 're soaring again .
' ' At no point this season was there any complacency with this team , '' Verlander said . ' ' If I had been traded here after they won the World Series , instead of before it last year , I would have assumed this was a young and hungry team when I walked in the clubhouse . ''
ROCKET MEN
Houston hit eight homers in the series , including two from Bregman and one apiece from Correa , Altuve and Martin Maldonado .
The Astros , who were seventh in the AL with 205 homers in the regular season , connected four times in Game 1 .
NO CLUTCH
The Indians have lost nine straight consecutive postseason games when facing elimination , dating to Game 7 of the 1997 World Series .
KING GEORGE
Springer has seven homers in his last seven postseason games , matching the Lou Gehrig , Reggie Jackson and Carlos Beltran for the best seven - game span in history .
' ' I 'll take it , '' Springer said . ' ' When you look at guys on that list , wow . ''
COMEBACK STORY
Francona said center fielder Leonys Martin has made significant progress following his battle with a life - threatening illness . Martin contracted a virus shortly after he was acquired in July from Detroit .
' ' He 's doing OK , physically , '' said Francona , who expects the 30-year - old to be ready for spring training . ' ' He 's healing so fast that I think it 's surprising the doctors at how quickly his heart has come back . ''
Martin was hospitalized with stomach pain , but he fell into critical condition with a bacterial infection that entered his bloodstream and attacked organs .
