Machado , Dodgers finish off Braves in NLDS with 6 - 2 win
ATLANTA ( AP ) The Los Angeles Dodgers went through all the expected motions after winning a playoff series .
They broke out T - shirts and caps . They posed for pictures in the middle of SunTrust Park . They doused each other with beer in the clubhouse .
Then , just like that , their focus turned to bigger goals ahead .
For a power - packed team that has n't won a World Series since 1988 , nothing less will do .
' ' We all know that there 's a lot more work to be done , '' Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said after his team finished off the Atlanta Braves with a 6 - 2 victory Monday in the NL Division Series . ' ' We have eight more wins to go . ''
Manny Machado hit a three - run homer and David Freese came through again in the postseason to lead the Dodgers into the NL Championship Series for the third year in a row . Los Angeles moved on to face the Brewers after taking out the Baby Braves 3 - 1 in the best - of - five series .
Game 1 is Friday night in Milwaukee , the Dodgers ' fourth championship series in six seasons .
' ' We prepared ourselves to get here , '' Machado said , ' ' and we 're not going to stop till we get what we want . ''
Of course , this is just what the Dodgers had in mind when they bolstered their already power - packed lineup by acquiring the slugging shortstop - and free agent - to - be - from lowly Baltimore back in July .
Machado had only three hits in the series , but two of them were homers to go along with six RBIs . He got the Dodgers going in Game 4 with a run - scoring double in the first , and effectively wrapped up the series with his seventh - inning shot off rookie Chad Sobotka that cleared the Dodgers ' bullpen in left .
' ' There are so many expectations put on him , '' Roberts said . ' ' We have a lot of good players , but I ca n't say enough about his focus and preparedness . ''
Coming off a tense victory in Game 3 , the Baby Braves grabbed the lead on pinch - hitter Kurt Suzuki 's two - run single in the fourth .
But Freese , the 2011 World Series MVP with St. Louis , countered with a pinch - hit single of his own in the sixth off Brad Brach , driving home Cody Bellinger and Yasiel Puig for a 3 - 2 lead .
' ' You just got ta be ready , '' Freese said . ' ' Whether you 're in high school , college , whatever , just be ready . You do n't have to be the best player in the world , you do n't have to make the most money , but you 're going to have a shot to do something cool . I learned that early in my career . I just try and stick with it . ''
Ryan Madson earned the win by getting the final two outs in the fifth to escape a bases - loaded jam . The Braves ' final gasp came in the eighth , when Lucas Duda 's drive into the second deck in right drifted foul with two on against Kenta Maeda . Duda flied out to end the inning , and Atlanta went down quietly in the ninth .
The Braves ' return to the postseason for the first time since 2013 yielded a familiar result .
Atlanta has lost nine straight playoff appearances , their last victory coming 17 long years ago against a team that is no longer in the National League . Since a sweep of Houston Astros in the 2001 NL Division Series , October has been a month of misery for the Braves .
Getting back to the playoffs ahead of schedule after a massive rebuild , Atlanta simply did n't have the experience , depth or power to stick with the power - packed Dodgers . Los Angeles had a franchise - record 235 homers during the regular season and eight more against the Braves , accounting for 14 of its 20 runs .
Tinseltown has become Boomtown .
' ' They 're a very powerful team , '' Braves manager Brian Snitker said . ' ' It 's what they ' ve done all year is hit home runs . We 're not built like that yet . ''
Los Angeles also benefited from some shaky Atlanta defense during its go - ahead inning . Puig kept the sixth going with a popup down the line off loser Jonny Venters that fell between second baseman Ozzie Albies and right fielder Nick Markakis .
Puig stole second without drawing a throw and came home when backup shortstop Charlie Culberson failed to knock down Freese 's sharp grounder up the middle . A super sub during the regular season , Culberson had to start in the playoffs because of an injury to regular Dansby Swanson .
' ' They played better baseball than we did , '' Culberson said .
WILD STARTERS
Rich Hill of the Dodgers walked five in 4 1/3 innings , including a pair leading off the fifth that set up Suzuki 's two - run single . Atlanta 's Mike Foltynewicz walked four ( one intentional ) in four innings before he was lifted .
TOUGH OUT
Hill is n't much of a hitter , but he sure made Foltynewicz work for an inning - ending strikeout in the fourth .
After falling behind 0 - 2 in the count , Hill fouled out five straight pitches .
Finally , Foltynewicz blew a 97 mph fastball by the .107 career hitter .
FIRST PITCH
The Braves brought out another Hall of Famer to deliver the ceremonial first pitch .
Former Atlanta manager Bobby Cox one - hopped his toss to the plate but still received a big ovation from the Atlanta crowd .
Chipper Jones threw out the first pitch before Game 3 .
SMALLER CROWD
The announced crowd of 39,586 was nearly 3,000 smaller than the previous night 's record SunTrust Park turnout , perhaps because of a 4:30 p.m. start time that coincided with Atlanta 's notorious rush hour .
UP NEXT
The Dodgers beat Milwaukee 4 - 3 in the season series . Both teams won division titles with one - game playoff victories the day after the regular season .
Atlanta opens the 2019 season at Philadelphia on March 28 .
