Holt 1st with postseason cycle , Red Sox rout Yankees 16 - 1
NEW YORK ( AP ) Brock Holt had one thing in mind : He was swinging for the fences .
After all , the game was decided long ago . And everything else went Boston 's way all night , so why not this ?
The part - time utilityman put the finishing touch on a Red Sox blowout , becoming the first player to hit for the cycle in a postseason game as Boston routed the New York Yankees 16 - 1 on Monday to seize a 2 - 1 lead in their best - of - five AL Division Series .
' ' This one I 'll remember for a long time , '' said Holt , unaware of his achievement until told by a television reporter right after the final out . ' ' Obviously , you do n't go into the game expecting to make history or do anything like that , let alone score 16 runs . ''
Andrew Benintendi lined a three - run double and Holt tripled home two more in a seven - run fourth inning that quickly turned the latest playoff matchup between these longtime rivals into a laugher . Handed a big early lead , Nathan Eovaldi shut down his former team during New York 's most lopsided defeat in 396 postseason games .
' ' An embarrassing day , '' shortstop Didi Gregorius said .
Game 4 is Tuesday night in the Bronx , where the 108-win Red Sox can put away the wild - card Yankees for good and advance to the AL Championship Series against Houston . Rick Porcello is scheduled to pitch against New York lefty CC Sabathia .
Boston battered an ineffective Luis Severino and silenced a charged - up Yankee Stadium crowd that emptied out fast on a night when Red Sox rookie manager Alex Cora made all the right moves .
By the ninth , backup catcher Austin Romine was on the mound for New York and he gave up a two - run homer to Holt that completed his cycle .
' ' You get a little antsy when a position player is on the mound . I told everyone , ` Get me up . I need a home run for a cycle , ' '' Holt said . ' ' I scooted up in the box a little bit , and I was going to be swinging at anything and try to hook anything . Obviously , you do n't expect to hit a home run , but I was trying to . I was trying to hit a home run . That 's probably the first time I ' ve ever tried to do that . I rounded the bases , and seeing everyone going nuts in the dugout was a pretty cool moment for me . ''
His teammates , too .
' ' He was n't shy about it , '' Benintendi said . ' ' Everybody was rooting for him . ''
Boosted by noisy fans in their homer - friendly ballpark , the Yankees entered 7 - 0 at home the past two postseasons - against out - of - division opponents . But the Red Sox , frequent visitors who clinched the AL East crown at Yankee Stadium just 2 1/2 weeks ago , were hardly intimidated .
' ' I think from pitch 1 , we let them know that we were here , '' Cora said .
Mookie Betts , in fact , hit a 405-foot flyout to the center - field warning track to begin the game .
Making his first playoff start this year , Holt opened the fourth with a single off Severino and capped the 26-minute outburst with a triple to right field . The 2015 All - Star also doubled home a run in the eighth and finished with five RBIs .
Holt also hit for the cycle against Atlanta on June 6 , 2015 .
' ' He 's been swinging the bat well for a while now , '' Cora said . ' ' We felt the matchup was good for him . ''
Every starter had at least one hit for the Red Sox , who piled up 18 in all . The only time they scored more runs in the postseason was a 23 - 7 win over Cleveland in 1999 .
Eovaldi pitched for the Yankees from 2015 - 16 before injuring his elbow , which required a second Tommy John surgery . Boston acquired him from Tampa Bay in July and the hard - throwing righty compiled a 1.93 ERA in four starts against New York this season - three with the Red Sox .
Bumped up a day in front of Porcello , he delivered a gem in his first postseason appearance . Eovaldi allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , throwing 72 of 97 pitches for strikes .
' ' I was just trying to use their aggressiveness against them and try and get some quick outs , '' Eovaldi said . ' ' It was a special moment for me . I do n't think it 's really quite settled in yet . ''
Going with Eovaldi was one of several choices that paid off for Cora .
Looking to play left - handed hitters against Severino , the first - year skipper inserted Holt at second base and Rafael Devers at third . Christian Vazquez started at catcher over Sandy Leon .
Devers singled twice , stole a base , scored two runs and knocked in another . Vazquez 's infield single off Severino 's glove drove in the first run .
Benintendi , already a Yankees nemesis , was on base four times and scored twice . Betts also scored two runs and drove in two .
' ' It just kind of shows you what kind of team we have and that we could explode at any minute , '' Betts said .
TBS reported Severino began warming up only 10 minutes before the game , and he certainly looked out of sorts from the start in misty weather . He left with the bases loaded and nobody out in the fourth and was charged with six runs and seven hits .
' ' He got his normal pitches routine , '' Yankees manager Aaron Boone said . ' ' It was n't an issue . ''
STRANGE SIGHT
The only other position player to pitch in a postseason game was Toronto infielder Cliff Pennington against Kansas City in the 2015 AL Championship Series .
IF AT FIRST
There were four replay challenges in the first four innings - all involving calls by first base umpire Angel Hernandez . Three were overturned .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Red Sox : 1B Mitch Moreland sat out after leaving Game 2 when he hurt his right hamstring running the bases . ' ' Mitch is available , but he 's not 100 percent , '' Cora said . Steve Pearce played first and had an RBI single in the fourth .
Yankees : CF Aaron Hicks remained out of the lineup after missing Game 2 with tightness in his right hamstring , which forced him from the series opener Friday . Boone said Hicks was doing ' ' significantly better , '' and sitting him was a much more difficult decision than it was Saturday . Brett Gardner was back in center , but Boone said he would n't hesitate to use Hicks in any role off the bench .
UP NEXT
Red Sox : Porcello ( 17 - 7 , 4.28 ERA ) got two late outs in relief during the series opener last Friday , so his start was pushed back a day to Game 4 . The 2016 AL Cy Young Award winner , who grew up a Mets fan in nearby New Jersey , was 2 - 0 with a 2.31 ERA in three starts against the Yankees this year - including a one - hitter on just 86 pitches Aug. 3 at Fenway Park . He is 0 - 3 with a 5.33 ERA in 12 career postseason outings , including four starts .
Yankees : The 38-year - old Sabathia ( 9 - 7 , 3.65 ) will be on 11 days ' rest when he makes his 23rd postseason start . The big lefty was ejected from his last regular - season outing for hitting Tampa Bay catcher Jesus Sucre with a pitch during a testy game between division rivals on Sept. 27 . Sabathia appealed a five - game suspension from Major League Baseball that would not take effect until next season . He said Monday he definitely wants to play in 2019 - even if it 's not for the Yankees .
