Red Sox hold off Yanks in Game 4 , face Astros in ALCS
NEW YORK ( AP ) Eduardo Nunez charged Gleyber Torres ' four - hopper toward third base and whipped the ball across the diamond . Steve Pearce stretched , falling on his chest for a sprawling catch . The umpire signaled : ' ' Out ! ''
The Boston Red Sox gathered around exhausted closer Craig Kimbrel , hugging and celebrating after the New York Yankees ' two - run rally in the ninth inning fell short .
But wait !
In 21st century baseball , the game does n't always end when it seems , hanging in limbo until umpires in a downtown Manhattan replay room agree .
A Yankee Stadium crowd of 49,641 wondered and the Red Sox paused as they watched from the infield in suspended celebration , fixated on the center - field video board .
After 63 seconds that felt like a lot longer , crew chief Mike Winters heard the decision , took off his headset , raised his right fist and made it official : The Red Sox beat the Yankees 4 - 3 Tuesday night to win the AL Division Series 3 - 1 , setting up a postseason rematch with the World Series champion Astros .
' ' I ' ve been talking about them the whole season , so now we go , '' said Red Sox rookie manager Alex Cora , Houston 's bench coach last year . ' ' Best of seven . They know me . I know them . It should be fun . ''
J.D. Martinez and the 108-win Red Sox reached the AL Championship Series for the first time since Boston won the title in 2013 . A year after losing to Houston in a four - game ALDS , the Red Sox open the best - of - seven matchup against the 103-win Astros on Saturday night at Fenway Park . Houston went 4 - 3 against Boston this year .
' ' Awesome to clinch this one , '' Red Sox reliever Matt Barnes said , ' ' but we ' ve got eight more . ''
A New Jersey native who grew up a Mets fan , Rick Porcello held the Yankees to one run over five innings for his first postseason win in 13 appearances . Barnes and Ryan Brasier followed with a perfect inning each to protect a 4 - 1 lead .
Red Sox ace Chris Sale told Cora when he arrived at the ballpark that he wanted to pitch , and he followed with a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth in a rare relief appearance that extended the Yankees ' streak of consecutive outs to 11 .
New York had not put a leadoff runner on until Kimbrel , a seven - time All - Star closer , walked Aaron Judge on four pitches leading off the ninth .
Didi Gregorius singled and Giancarlo Stanton struck out , Luke Voit walked on four pitches , and Kimbrel hit Neil Walker on a leg with a next pitch , forcing in a run that made it 4 - 2 .
Gary Sanchez fell behind 0 - 2 in the count , worked it full and sent a drive that had the crowd roaring only for Andrew Benintendi to catch it on the left - field warning track , a few feet short of a series - tying grand slam .
' ' I hit it well . But I got under it , '' Sanchez said through a translator .
Then came Torres ' bouncer .
' ' You never want to give a game back and go to a Game 5 , so it 's great that we could do it tonight , '' said Kimbrel , who got his second save of the series .
A night after Boston romped to a record - setting 16 - 1 rout in a game that included three replay reversals , Martinez , Ian Kinsler and Nunez drove in runs in the third inning off a wobbly CC Sabathia , who took the loss . For the second straight night , Yankees rookie manager Aaron Boone hesitated to remove his starting pitcher early .
When Boone brought in Zach Britton to start the fourth , and Christian Vazquez led off with an opposite - field drive over the short porch in right field for his first career postseason homer .
Not even the presence of 1978 AL East tiebreaker star Bucky Dent for the ceremonial first pitch could inspire the 100-win Yankees , who were outscored 27 - 14 in the series , including 20 - 4 in the final two games . New York set a major league record this year for most home runs in a season , but did n't go deep in the two games at Yankee Stadium and hit .214 in the series , which included 3 for 14 by Gregorius , 1 for 15 by Andrew McCutchen and 3 for 15 by Sanchez .
Stanton , New York 's big acquisition last offseason , was 4 for 18 ( .222 ) with no RBIs .
' ' I do n't want to experience the postseason . I want to win it all , '' Stanton said .
Dent 's home run over Fenway Park 's Green Monster in the 1978 AL East tiebreaker propelled the Yankees to their second straight World Series title , but Boston eliminated its rival in the Bronx in the teams ' second straight postseason meeting . In the 2004 ALCS - with Barnes in the crowd as a teen , rooting for the Yankees - the Red Sox became the first big league team to overcome 3 - 0 postseason deficit , winning the final two games on the road and going on to sweep the World Series for its first title since 1918 .
Boston added championships in 2007 and 2013 , becoming one of baseball 's elite clubs . But the Red Sox were knocked out in the Division Series in 2016 and ` 17 , had not reached the sport 's final four since their last title .
A lanky , bearded 29-year - old right - hander , Porcello lived a traffic jam from Yankee Stadium in Chester , New Jersey , and is a 2007 graduate of Seton Hall Prep in West Orange - the baseball field there was renamed in his honor last year after he helped fund artificial turf and pro - style dugouts . The 2016 AL Cy Young Award winner entered with a 0 - 3 in 12 previous postseason appearances , which included four starts .
He did n't allow a run until a sacrifice fly in the fifth by Brett Gardner , like Sabathia playing perhaps his last game for the Yankees . Aaron Hicks missed a two - run homer by about 4 feet on a foul drive down the right - field line .
Sabathia escaped a bases - loaded jam in the first when Kinsler hit an inning - ending flyout to Gardner in front of the left - field wall . Sabathia nicked Benintendi on the right shoulder with a slider on his first pitch of the third , Pearce sliced a cutter into right - center to put runners at the corners and Martinez hit a third - inning sacrifice fly for second straight night , giving him a series - high six RBIs .
With David Robertson starting to warm up , Kinsler hit a two - out double over a leaping Gardner for a 2 - 0 lead and Nunez singled on the next pitch for his first RBI of the postseason .
New York 's starting pitchers allowed 15 runs in 13 innings , and Masahiro Tanaka was the only one to get an out in the fourth - a sign the Yankees may pursue top free - agent pitchers such as Dallas Keuchel and Patrick Corbin .
' ' I think we 're right there knocking on the door , '' Boone said , ' ' very close to being a championship club right now . We just got to continue to improve on the margins in every facet . Pitching is one of those . ''
BEHIND THE PLATE
A night after three of his calls at first base were reversed on video reviews , Angel Hernandez was the plate umpire . Benintendi argued after he was called out on a breaking ball with the bases loaded for the final out of the eighth , a pitch that may have been outside . Sabathia was livid . ' ' I do n't think Angel Hernandez should be umping playoff games , '' he said . ' ' He 's absolutely terrible . He was terrible behind the plate today . He was terrible at first base . '' Major League Baseball declined comment , spokesman Mike Teevan said .
