Reliever Woodruff 's homer stuns Kershaw , Brewers take Game 1
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) The high - five at the plate from Brandon Woodruff nearly took out Lorenzo Cain .
It 's not often that reliever hits a home run .
Batting left - handed . Off lefty Clayton Kershaw . In the playoffs .
Woodruff stunned the ace with an early home run and Milwaukee 's normally shutdown bullpen held on - barely - as the Brewers beat the sloppy Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 5 Friday night in Game 1 of the NL Championship Series .
Hard - throwing Josh Hader and the Brewers earned their 12th straight win , one shy of the franchise record set to open the 1987 season .
Woodruff , of all people , had the momentum - swinging hit .
' ' It 's something obviously coming into the day , you do n't know in your wildest dreams that 's going to happen , '' he said .
It was the first time in postseason history that a pitcher homered in a lefty vs. lefty matchup . Woodruff was understandably was pumped as he rounded the bases .
' ' He was fired up when he came home . He nearly broke my arm , '' Cain said .
The Dodgers scored three times in the eighth to make it 6 - 4 , then nearly tied it in the ninth . Chris Taylor hit an RBI triple off Cain 's glove in deep center field with two outs before Corey Knebel fanned Justin Turner to end it .
Game 2 is Saturday at Miller Park , with Wade Miley pitching for the Brewers against Hyun - Jin Ryu .
The Dodgers did some damage against the Brewers ' bullpen . Milwaukee used seven pitchers , including three scoreless innings from Hader . Woodruff threw two perfect innings and got the win .
' ' But for us to get a look at these guys out of the ` pen in a seven - game series , I think that 's a good thing , '' manager Dave Roberts said .
Manny Machado homered and drove in three runs for Los Angeles . The Dodgers committed four errors , including two by catcher Yasmani Grandal , who also had two passed balls .
NERVOUS MOMENTS
Milwaukee manager Craig Counsell 's pitching - by - committee strategy continued to be a hit , at least until the late innings .
Finally , the hard - throwing Knebel restored order by striking out Turner . Knebel walked Joc Pederson with two outs before Taylor 's long drive .
' ' It 's the postseason and anything can happen , you saw right there . It was a good feeling for it to go our way right there at the end , '' Knebel said .
STUNNING HOMER
After starter Gio Gonzalez went two innings , nicked by Machado 's home run , Woodruff entered in the top of the third . In the bottom half , Woodruff made a sudden impact - with his bat .
Woodruff became just the third relief pitcher to homer in the postseason , tagging a three - time NL Cy Young Award winner for a tying solo drive . Woodruff pumped both arms as he rounded first base , while Kershaw turned away and looked down at the ground .
' ' I knew he could swing the bat a little bit , for sure , '' Kershaw said . ' ' I did n't know he could do that , but I knew he could hit a little bit . ''
Woodruff was a career 4 for 22 ( .222 ) hitter before connecting . He had one previous homer , in July against Pittsburgh 's Nick Kingham .
DODGER BLUES
Kershaw was chased before he could retire a batter in the fourth inning .
It was another miserable October night for the lefty , whose regular - season brilliance has often disappeared in the postseason .
And it was n't even Christian Yelich and the Brewers ' stars who got to him . Hernan Perez hit a sacrifice fly later in the third , and pinch - hitter Domingo Santana had a two - run single in the fourth for a 4 - 1 lead that chased Kershaw from the mound with nobody out .
It was the shortest postseason start of Kershaw 's career . He had a 4.65 ERA in 10 career appearances , including seven starts , going into Friday .
That ERA went up after allowing six hits and five runs - four earned - in three - plus innings .
' ' The errors affected the game . But as far as Clayton , I just think it was poor execution , '' Roberts said .
Jesus Aguilar added a solo home run in the seventh for the Brewers , his second of the postseason . Cain went 3 for 5 and scored a run .
BURGER TIME
Eat up , Milwaukee .
This late - season run earned Brewers fans a free burger at an area restaurant chain .
George Webb Restaurants has a long - standing promotion to give away a free burger whenever the Brewers win 12 straight .
It 's time to dine after a dozen .
Save the date : October 18 , George Webb announced after the game . Save one for reliever Jeremy Jeffress , too .
' ' Honestly , as long as you put some mayo on it I ' m good with it , '' he said .
George Webb also paid up in 1987 .
UP NEXT
It 's another all left - handed pitching matchup in Game 2 . Ryu pitched seven shutout innings , striking out seven and allowing for hits , in the Dodgers ' Game 1 victory over the Braves in the Division Series . Ryu is 2 - 0 with a 1.96 ERA in four career postseason starts . Miley is making his second start of the postseason , going 4 2/3 innings in the Brewers ' Division Series - clinching victory over Colorado on Sunday . He is 4 - 5 with a 3.55 ERA in 15 career games against the Dodgers .
