Turner homers as Dodgers beat Brewers 4 - 3 in NLCS Game 2
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) Justin Turner and the Los Angeles Dodgers know all about performing in the postseason .
Backed into a tough spot Saturday , the red - headed slugger delivered once again .
Shut down for most of the afternoon , Los Angeles staged another late rally and Turner hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning to lift the Dodgers over the Milwaukee Brewers for a 4 - 3 victory that evened the NL Championship Series at a game apiece .
The high - powered Dodgers had two measly singles off Wade Miley before breaking through against one of baseball 's best bullpens . After forcing the Brewers to use six relievers in Milwaukee 's 6 - 5 victory Friday night , the NL West champions put that extended look to good use in Game 2 , especially against faltering All - Star Jeremy Jeffress .
' ' As long as we have outs left , we know we 're in the game , '' Turner said .
Milwaukee wasted a terrific performance by Miley in its first loss in three weeks , ending a 12-game winning streak that produced free burgers for its fans as part of a promotion by a local restaurant chain . Orlando Arcia and Travis Shaw homered , and Lorenzo Cain robbed David Freese of a two - run drive with a leaping grab over the wall in center .
Miley pitched 5 2/3 scoreless innings in his second career playoff start and had two hits in his first multihit game since 2014 .
' ' We were in really good shape with the effort that Wade gave us , '' Brewers manager Craig Counsell said . ' ' He pitched beautifully . ''
The best - of - seven series moves to Dodger Stadium for Game 3 on Monday night . Walker Buehler pitches for Los Angeles and Jhoulys Chacin gets the ball for Milwaukee .
Miley handed a 2 - 0 lead over to his bullpen and Shaw tacked on a solo drive in the sixth , delighting a yellow towel - waving crowd of 43,905 at Miller Park . But that was the last run for the Brewers , and the Dodgers finished off their rally this time around after nearly taking Game 1 .
Cody Bellinger got Los Angeles on the board with an RBI single in the seventh , chasing Corbin Burnes and stopping an 0-for-15 slide in the playoffs that landed him on the bench at the start of the game . Austin Barnes forced in another run with a bases - loaded walk off Jeffress , but the right - hander escaped when pinch - hitter Yasmani Grandal bounced into a double play .
The Dodgers went right back to work in the eighth . Chris Taylor reached on a leadoff single before Turner hit a long drive to left off Jeffress , admiring the ball with his bat pointed toward the sky before rounding the bases and participating in several different celebrations with his giddy teammates on his way to the dugout .
Turner bounced back after striking out a career - worst four times in Game 1 .
' ' It felt good , '' Turner said . ' ' I knew it was a homer , and it 's cool to run around the bases and see all your teammates going crazy , jumping up and down waiting for you . ''
Jeffress also struggled in Game 1 , allowing two hits while only recording one out . He was charged with two runs and six hits in 3 1/3 innings in three appearances in the Division Series against Colorado , including a blown save in the opener .
' ' It 's intense baseball games , man , '' Jeffress said . ' ' They 're going to be like this for the rest of the postseason . We 're going to battle , they 're going to battle . Just be ready . ''
Los Angeles has scored eight runs against Milwaukee 's bullpen , all in the seventh inning or later .
' ' The more you face the relievers , the easier it 's going to get , '' Bellinger said .
It was Turner 's seventh career playoff homer . He was co - MVP of the NLCS last year with Taylor when Los Angeles made it to the World Series for the first time since 1988 .
The Dodgers are making their sixth straight appearance in the playoffs while the upstart Brewers are in the postseason for the first time since 2011 . That advantage in experience seemed to pay off - especially when Turner came up with the big blow .
' ' He personifies everything that I believe in as a baseball player , as a professional . ... He 's the glue for our club , '' manager Dave Roberts said .
Save for Yasiel Puig snapping his bat over his leg after striking out swinging with the bases loaded in the seventh , Los Angeles stayed steady as Milwaukee tried to hold on . Pedro Baez got four outs for the win , and Kenley Jansen worked the ninth for the save . Jansen broke NL MVP - favorite Christian Yelich 's bat for a groundout with a runner on second for the final out .
REMEMBER WHEN
Former major league slugger Prince Fielder threw out a ceremonial first pitch . Fielder said Counsell helped him a lot when they played together in Milwaukee .
' ' There was one time I was thinking about bunting and he told me if I bunt , he 'll punch me in the face , '' a chuckling Fielder said .
UP NEXT
Chacin had his worst start of the season at Los Angeles on Aug. 2 , allowing nine runs , eight earned , and five hits in 4 1/3 innings in a 21 - 5 loss . The veteran right - hander is 5 - 5 with a 4.96 ERA in 12 career starts at Dodger Stadium . Buehler is making his second career start against Milwaukee . The rookie right - hander tossed seven innings of five - hit ball in a 1 - 0 loss to the visiting Brewers on July 31 .
