Verlander cools off Red Sox 7 - 2 in Game 1 of ALCS
BOSTON ( AP ) With temperatures dipping into the 40s , numbing their fingertips as they tried to grip the baseball , Justin Verlander and Chris Sale both struggled to get the ball over the plate .
Verlander recovered quickly .
Sale never did .
After walking in one run and giving up the tying score on a wild pitch , Verlander struck out Andrew Benintendi on a contested called third strike , and the Houston Astros pulled away to beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 2 on Saturday night in the AL Championship Series opener .
The teams combined for just eight hits , but Red Sox pitchers walked 10 and hit three batters . Verlander walked four - tying a career postseason high , and more than he had in any outing in the regular season this year . Three of them and one of his two wild pitches came in a fifth inning that almost chased him from the game .
' ' That inning I had kind of lost my feel a bit . Could n't point a finger to why , '' Verlander said . ' ' The tying run scoring was a little disappointing . ... But once that happens , then you ' ve got to reset and not relinquish the lead . ''
Verlander pitched six innings of two - hit ball , and Carlos Correa fisted a single into left field to break a sixth - inning tie . Josh Reddick hit a solo homer to lead off the ninth , and Yuli Gurriel curled a three - run shot into the front row beyond the Pesky Pole to give the defending World Series champions their fifth straight postseason victory .
Game 2 of the best - of - seven series is Sunday night , with Boston left - hander David Price trying to end his postseason skid against Astros righty Gerrit Cole . Cora has expressed confidence in Price , a Cy Young Award winner who is 0 - 9 in 10 postseason starts , and the 108-win Red Sox will need him to be better than Sale was in the opener .
' ' We 'll see tomorrow , '' Boston catcher Sandy Leon said .
In a rematch of last year 's Division Series opener , when the Astros hit back - to - back homers in the first inning and pounded Sale for seven runs in all , Verlander improved to 13 - 2 in the AL playoffs . Houston only got one hit off of Sale , but he loaded the bases with two outs in the second on two walks and a hit batter before reigning World Series MVP George Springer singled in two runs past the glove of third baseman Eduardo Nunez , who slipped as he stretched for the ball .
' ' Anytime you get two quick outs then you load up the bases and give them two runs , that 's not what you 're looking for this time of year , '' Sale said . ' ' I just went out there and lost it for a little bit . I felt like I was battling myself for a little bit . I was trying to limit the damage and get out there as quick as we can . ''
The Red Sox went down in order in the second , third and fourth innings before awakening the shivering , sold - out Fenway crowd in the fifth with Steve Pearce 's single - just their second hit in the game - and two walks . Verlander walked a third batter in a row , forcing in a run .
Mookie Betts hit a hard grounder , and third baseman Alex Bregman threw home for the force and the second out . With Jackie Bradley Jr. dancing on third base , Verlander put a 1 - 2 curveball in the dirt and past catcher Martin Maldonado , allowing the runners to advance and tying the game 2 - 2 .
Andrew Benintendi worked the count full before looking at a 3 - 2 pitch that appeared to catch the edge of the zone for the third out .
' ' You can look at it two ways , '' Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts said . ' ' They pitched their way out of it , but we did n't hit our way into it . ''
Benintendi was less philosophical . He slammed down his helmet and bat down and jawed with plate umpire James Hoye before Red Sox coaches ran in to get between them .
Cora continued the argument and was ejected ; he handed over his lineup card to bench coach Ron Roenicke and headed down the tunnel .
' ' I guess Verlander executed his pitch , and he called it a strike , '' Cora said . ' ' Andrew did n't agree . I did n't agree . It 's a big pitch right there . It 's ball four , bases loaded . ... Most likely Verlander comes out of the game .
' ' But you ca n't argue balls and strikes , '' he said . ' ' And I did . ''
Houston took advantage of another hit batter in the sixth - this one by reliever Joe Kelly - and Nunez 's fielding error on Gurriel 's grounder to take a 3 - 2 lead . Reddick and Gurriel homered off Brandon Workman .
Verlander was charged with two runs and four walks while striking out six . He has allowed only nine hits in his past four postseason starts , matching Don Larsen ( 1955 - 57 ) as the only pitchers to allow nine hits over a span of four - postseason starts , according to STATS .
' ' The tying run scoring was a little disappointing , '' Verlander said . ' ' But once that happens , then you ' ve got to reset and not relinquish the lead . ''
SALE 'S STRUGGLES
Sale , who took the mound without long sleeves on the chilly night , left after the fourth inning - his only 1 - 2 - 3 inning of the game - having thrown 86 pitches . Sale gave up two runs , one hit , four walks and a hit batter , and his average fastball velocity of 92 mph was down 3 mph from the Division Series .
' ' I still like our chances , '' he said . ' ' We ' ve got D.P. on the mound and we got a bunch of guys in here that are fired up over tonight . We 're not gon na hang our heads in the locker room . We 're not gon na give up . This is the time when we kick in gear and start fighting . ''
WEST HIT
Boston catcher Christian Vazquez hit second - base umpire Joe West on his right shoulder with a throw when Jake Marisnick stole second in the eighth .
UP NEXT
Price , 16 - 7 in this year 's regular season , has two postseason wins in relief in his career . Cora insisted that he had faith in Price , and he told the 2012 AL Cy Young winner as much after the Red Sox eliminated the Yankees in the previous round .
' ' Alex told me before we even got off the field that night '' that he would get another start , Price said before the game . ' ' So for him to tell me before we even took our jerseys off to put on our postseason shirts that we get when we win , that was special . ''
Cole was 15 - 5 with a 2.88 ERA in the regular season .
