Price , Red Sox bounce back , beat Astros 7 - 5 , tie ALCS 1 - 1
BOSTON ( AP ) David Price went home a winner in a postseason start for the first time in his career .
That , he insisted , is all he ever cared about .
' ' This is bigger than David Price , '' he said on Sunday night . ' ' This is n't about me . This is about the Boston Red Sox . ''
Price was good enough , the Red Sox relievers were even better , and Jackie Bradley Jr. delivered a go - ahead , three - run double off the Green Monster to lead Boston to a 7 - 5 victory over the Houston Astros and tie the AL Championship Series at one game apiece .
Price fell one out short of qualifying for the win , which would have been his first in 11 postseason starts . But it was the first time his team had won a playoff game he started , snapping a record run of October futility .
' ' It 's baby steps , '' said Price , who entered the night 0 - 9 in 10 career playoff starts . ' ' I expect myself to be great in big moments , and I have n't done that thus far in my career . But I came here to win , period . I came here to win a World Series , and to do it multiple times . And that 's what I ' m about . ''
Game 3 is Tuesday in Houston , followed by two more at Minute Maid Park and a chance for the defending World Series champions to clinch a second straight AL pennant at home . Marwin Gonzalez homered for the Astros , who had won five straight postseason games dating to Game 7 of the 2017 Series .
' ' We came here and won a game , and they played well tonight , '' Houston third baseman Alex Bregman said . ' ' It 's going to be a fun series , so we 're looking forward to going back home . ''
Price was spotted a two - run lead in the first inning and then fell behind 4 - 2 before Bradley clanged one off the left - field wall that Gonzalez chased helplessly as it bounced back toward the infield .
Price left leading 5 - 4 with two on with two out in the fifth before Matt Barnes struck out Gonzalez to end the inning and then pitched a perfect sixth to earn the victory . Ryan Brasier pitched a scoreless inning and erstwhile starter Rick Porcello set the Astros down 1 - 2 - 3 in the eighth .
Closer Craig Kimbrel gave up Jose Altuve 's RBI single with two outs in the ninth before Bregman launched a high fly to left that Andrew Benintendi caught a step in front of the Monster .
' ' I knew I missed it , '' Bregman said . ' ' If I got it , it would have been on the street behind Fenway Park . ''
Gerrit Cole , who was so dominant in his Division Series start against Cleveland , gave up a double to Mookie Betts - the first batter of the game - as Boston sent eight batters to the plate in the first and scored twice .
The AL West champs tied it in the second on George Springer 's two - run double down the right - field line . And when Gonzalez cleared the Monster - and the seats above them - with a two - run homer in the third , it looked like Price was headed for another loss ( he has won two postseason games in relief . )
But Boston , which won the AL East and a franchise - record 108 games , came back in the bottom half , starting with Xander Bogaerts ' one - out single and then a double by Steve Pearce that sent Gonzalez crashing back - first into the metal scoreboard on the left - field wall . He fell to the warning track , but after the training staff and manger AJ Hinch went out to check on him he stayed in the game .
' ' The ball , the wall , he 's back - pedaling . He 's got to make a decision on whether or not to concede the wall and try to play it off the wall or try to make a catch , '' Hinch said . ' ' It 's a well - placed hit . ''
Cole walked Devers on four pitches to load the bases and struck out Ian Kinsler on three before Bradley lofted one down the left - field line and off the Monster . As the ball bounced back toward the infield , it hopped on the padding along the side wall , just out of Gonzalez 's reach .
' ' Not really catching a break with it rolling on this awkward piece of padding all the way down was unfortunate , '' Cole said . ' ' But you put yourself in that position . ''
Betts scored an insurance run in the seventh , walking to lead off the inning and coming around to make it 6 - 4 on a wild pitch and a pair of passed balls . He gave Boston a 7 - 4 lead with an RBI double in the eighth .
PRICE IS RIGHT
In all , Price was charged with four runs on five hits and four walks , striking out four in 4 2/3 innings
Price 's teams had lost all 10 of his previous postseason starts , the longest such losing streak in baseball history . He allowed three runs and got just five outs in Game 2 against the Yankees , the only Red Sox loss in the series .
As Price left the field on this night , the crowd rose to applaud the pitcher they booed off the mound in the Division Series , and he tapped the brim of his cap .
' ' It 's definitely appreciated , '' Price said . ' ' It was n't the line I dreamed up to have tonight . But our offense , our defense , everybody rallied together . ''
SALE OUT
The Red Sox said Game 1 starter Chris Sale was hospitalized with a stomach illness but Cora said he was still hoping the he would join the team in Houston .
' ' He was feeling bad and he 's at the hospital , '' Cora said . ' ' From what I know , it 's nothing serious . But obviously whenever you have to go to the hospital you ' ve got to be ` worried . ' ''
Cora said it did not affect his performance in the series opener , which Houston won 7 - 2 .
HOMER HAPPY
It was Houston 's 14th straight postseason game with a homer , breaking the major league record that had been held by the Astros from 2001 - 04 .
UP NEXT
Dallas Keuchel , who was 12 - 11 with a 3.74 ERA in the regular season , will start Game 3 for Houston . He allowed two runs in five innings in the Game 3 clincher against Cleveland .
With Porcello pitching in relief on Sunday , the Red Sox are expected to start Nathan Eovaldi on Tuesday . He was 6 - 7 with a 3.81 ERA in the regular season and allowed one run in five innings for the win against the Yankees in Game 3 of the ALDS - his first career postseason appearance .
