Chacin , Brewers ' bullpen blank Dodgers 4 - 0 for 2 - 1 NLCS lead
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) The Milwaukee Brewers know they can count on their intimidating bullpen to get outs . They may not have been expecting a twice - demoted shortstop to generate so much offense .
Jhoulys Chacin combined with four relievers on a five - hitter and Orlando Arcia hit a two - run homer in a 4 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Monday that gave Milwaukee a 2 - 1 lead in the NL Championship Series .
Los Angeles loaded the bases against Jeremy Jeffress in the ninth inning , but the struggling closer shut the door . He struck out Yasmani Grandal and pinch - hitter Brian Dozier to complete Milwaukee 's third shutout in six playoff games this year .
' ' We feel like we 're in really good shape , '' manager Craig Counsell said .
Game 4 in the best - of - seven series is Tuesday night at Dodger Stadium , with Rich Hill starting for Los Angeles against fellow lefty Gio Gonzalez .
Ryan Braun had an early RBI double off rookie Walker Buehler , who struck out eight in seven innings . Travis Shaw tripled and scored on a wild pitch in the sixth .
Arcia connected for his third postseason homer in the seventh , his second in two games .
' ' It 's a different guy every single day and we ' ve got contributions up and down the roster , '' Shaw said . ' ' It 's been the story of our season . ''
Chacin scattered three hits over 5 1/3 innings before giving way to Corey Knebel , who worked 1 2/3 perfect innings and struck out his last four batters .
With a runner on second and the Brewers nursing a 2 - 0 lead , Knebel got Manny Machado to ground out before whiffing Cody Bellinger to end the sixth . The right - hander then fanned Yasiel Puig , Grandal and Enrique Hernandez in the seventh .
Joakim Soria retired Chris Taylor on a foul popup for the first out of the eighth . Josh Hader , who did n't pitch in Game 2 after tossing three scoreless innings in the opener , needed only eight pitches to strike out pinch - hitters David Freese and Matt Kemp to end the eighth .
' ' It was good that we only used Hader for two outs , '' Shaw said . ' ' I know we ' ve got three in a row , so he 'll be good to go tomorrow and that 's a big thing for us . ''
Hader rarely pitches on consecutive days , but his light workload Monday could give Counsell some options .
' ' We 're playing to win the series , not just games . Obviously with Josh doing not as much tonight , there 's lots of possibilities there going forward , '' he said .
Justin Turner singled and Machado doubled to start the ninth for Los Angeles . Bellinger popped out and slammed his bat before Puig drew a walk , but Counsell stayed with Jeffress , who settled down and came through .
Milwaukee 's vaunted bullpen delivered after the Dodgers hit .333 and scored eight of their nine runs against Brewers relievers during the first two games in Milwaukee , both decided by one run .
The Dodgers also came up empty against Chacin with the bases loaded in the second , when Buehler took a called third strike to end the inning .
' ' We had the right guys in those moments and we just did n't execute , '' manager Dave Roberts said . ' ' We were 0 for 10 with runners in scoring position . ''
The Brewers became the first visiting team to pitch a postseason shutout at Dodger Stadium since the Philadelphia Phillies in Game 1 of the 1983 NLCS . Los Angeles had gone 50 consecutive home playoff games without being blanked , the second - longest streak in major league history behind 61 straight for the Boston Red Sox , according to STATS .
The 1905 New York Giants and 1966 Baltimore Orioles were the only other teams to toss three shutouts in their first six games of a postseason , STATS said .
The Brewers entered these playoffs with one shutout in their postseason history .
' ' Our guys that we 're giving the ball to at the start of the game , they 're doing a heck of a job , man , '' Counsell said . ' ' They 're setting the tone , really . ''
Chacin returned to the scene of the Brewers ' worst loss of the season , a 21 - 5 rout on Aug. 2 . In that game , he was charged with nine runs - eight earned - and five hits , including a grand slam by Bellinger .
Chacin was much better when it counted most . The right - hander struck out six and walked two while outpitching Buehler .
' ' I ' ve been ready for this for almost 10 years , '' Chacin said . ' ' Hopefully I get a chance to be in the World Series . ''
Milwaukee got to Buehler in the first on Braun 's double into the left - field corner that scored Christian Yelich , who walked .
The Brewers struck again in the sixth . Bellinger was slow to chase Shaw 's triple off the top of the center - field wall and missed making the catch by inches before the ball caromed away .
Shaw scored on Buehler 's wild pitch to Jesus Aguilar . The ball bounced off Grandal , who scrambled after it near the third - base line while Shaw ran to the plate , making it 2 - 0 .
In the seventh , Erik Kratz doubled and Arcia followed with a two - run shot to right field .
' ' Orlando has always been a guy that you want to put a moment on him , put pressure on him , '' Counsell said . ' ' Put the spotlight on him . He loves it . And I ' m not surprised that he 's thriving in playoff atmosphere . He has this love and he 's wired the right way for this kind of baseball . ''
Puig chased the ball as it drifted into the lower right - field seats on a night when the first Santa Ana winds of the fall arrived , buffeting the stadium with cool , sustained gusts for most of the game .
It was the latest big hit in October for Arcia , the talented young shortstop who was sent to the minors twice this season as he slumped at the plate . He has three home runs in 20 playoff at - bats , matching his total in 348 at - bats all season .
' ' Definitely a lot of downs for me and things were n't going my way , so they sent me down , '' Arcia said through a translator . ' ' I was able to work on stuff , recognize pitches , especially breaking balls . Now I ( make ) my adjustments and things have been working better . ''
Buehler gave up five hits and a walk in the longest outing by a Dodgers starter during the series so far .
K - CITY
The 14 strikeouts by Brewers pitchers set a franchise postseason record , topping the old mark of 13 in Game 1 of this year 's NLCS and Game 2 of the 2011 NLDS against Arizona .
NEVER TOO LATE
Kratz 's double gave him six hits in the postseason , making him the first player to make his playoff debut at age 38 or older and get six or more hits , according to the Elias Sports Bureau .
NO GOOD LATE
After going 13 for 28 in the seventh inning or later during the first two games of the NLCS , when they scored eight of their nine runs , the Dodgers were just 2 of 11 with seven strikeouts Monday .
UP NEXT
Brewers : Gonzalez will go on three days ' rest after throwing only two innings in the series opener last Friday .
Dodgers : Hill is 1 - 2 with a 3.55 ERA in nine career postseason starts . He started Game 4 of the Division Series in Atlanta , allowing two runs and five walks in 4 1/3 innings , but did n't factor in the decision .
