Bellinger lifts Dodgers over Brewers 2 - 1 in 13 to tie NLCS
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) By the time Manny Machado rounded third base , the Los Angeles Dodgers had already started streaming out of the dugout .
After more than five hours of tension - filled baseball , they were certainly eager to celebrate .
Cody Bellinger singled home the winning run with two outs in the 13th inning Tuesday night to give Los Angeles a 2 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers that tied the NL Championship Series at two games apiece .
The slumping Bellinger , who began the night 1 for 21 in these playoffs , was chased all the way into left field by teammates . Even manager Dave Roberts ran out to congratulate his outfielder , who got soaked with a Gatorade shower .
' ' I think we gave each other a big hug , '' Bellinger said . ' ' I think it was the first time I ever got mobbed out in the outfield . ''
Bellinger laced a full - count pitch from Junior Guerra into right field to score Machado , who was nearly picked off second base moments earlier . Instead , he slid home and touched the plate with his left hand to beat Christian Yelich 's throw and finally end an October nail - biter that took 5 hours , 15 minutes .
' ' One of the crazier games , where there 's really no margin on either side , '' Roberts said . ' ' The bullpen , what they did tonight against a very good offensive club , my hat 's off to these guys . ''
It was the fourth extra - inning postseason game in Dodger Stadium history , and the home team 's first such win since beating Philadelphia in Game 4 of the 1978 NLCS .
' ' It was a great baseball game , it really was , '' Yelich said . ' ' Both sides had opportunities and they were just able to cash one in there at the end . ''
After a quick turnaround , Game 5 in the best - of - seven series is Wednesday afternoon , with Wade Miley pitching for the Brewers on three days ' rest against fellow lefty Clayton Kershaw .
The teams return to Milwaukee for Game 6 on Friday .
' ' We lock it in , win one tomorrow , and we feel a lot better heading home , '' Yelich said .
With one out in the 13th , Machado hit a broken - bat single to left field and went to second on Guerra 's wild pitch . With first base open and a struggling Yasmani Grandal on deck followed by the pitcher 's spot , the Brewers chose to pitch to Bellinger - and it cost them .
' ' Honestly , I did n't think he was going to throw me a strike , '' Bellinger said . ' ' And then once I noticed he was attacking me , I just tried to put the ball in play and hopefully find a hole this time . ''
Milwaukee manager Craig Counsell said : ' ' I thought it was worth the risk of trying to expand to Bellinger , and if the at - bat goes to Grandal , we walk Grandal . ''
Bellinger , who entered as a pinch hitter in the sixth , also made a diving catch on his belly of a ball hit by Lorenzo Cain leading off the 10th , spreading his arms out and sliding like a snow angel in right field .
' ' I played right field in the minor leagues a lot before I started playing center field . I have n't been there much lately , '' Bellinger said . ' ' But it 's kind of like riding a bike . I saw it hanging up there , and ran as fast as I could and dove for it . ''
Both teams used all their position players and wasted numerous chances . Los Angeles went through its entire bullpen .
The Dodgers struck out 17 times - all against Milwaukee relievers - and have whiffed 49 times in the series . The Brewers fanned 15 times .
' ' Exhausting , '' Los Angeles outfielder Chris Taylor said . ' ' Just a mental and physical grind all the way to the end . ''
Dodgers starter Rich Hill allowed one run and three hits in five innings .
The Brewers tied it 1-all in the fifth on pinch - hitter Domingo Santana 's RBI double that took one hop against the right - field wall with Yasiel Puig scrambling in pursuit .
The Dodgers led 1 - 0 on Brian Dozier 's RBI single in the first off Gio Gonzalez , who left after twisting his ankle while trying to field an infield single by Puig in the second .
Gonzalez has a high ankle sprain and will probably need to be replaced on the roster , Counsell said .
The sellout crowd of 53,764 was considerably noisier than on Monday , when Enrique Hernandez criticized Dodgers fans for being too quiet . Joc Pederson and Bellinger waved blue rally towels in the dugout .
But the Dodgers again struggled at the plate after going 0 for 10 with runners in scoring position during a 4 - 0 loss in Game 3 .
Milwaukee put the potential go - ahead run on third in the seventh before Cain grounded out against Dylan Floro .
The Dodgers had runners at the corners in the eighth against hard - throwing Josh Hader , who pitched for the second consecutive day . Pinch - hitter Matt Kemp struck out to end the threat .
The Brewers had another chance in the ninth against closer Kenley Jansen . With fans on their feet , pinch - hitter Travis Shaw struck out with a runner on third to end the inning .
In the 10th , Ryan Braun singled with two outs and stole second against Jansen , who struck out Jesus Aguilar .
And when Bellinger finally ended it , the only NLCS game that had lasted longer was the New York Mets ' 15-inning victory over Atlanta in Game 5 in 1999 , which took 5 hours , 46 minutes .
' ' Let 's get something to eat , '' Dozier said afterward . ' ' I ' m starving . ''
MANNY 'S MOVE
Machado allowed his left leg to clip the lower right leg of Aguilar at first base while getting thrown out on a routine play in the 10th . Aguilar appeared upset and the two exchanged words . Both benches and bullpens emptied , but no punches were thrown .
' ' It 's a dirty play by a dirty player , '' Yelich said .
Aguilar , however , said the two talked it out after Machado singled in the 13th . Machado said they go back to their days in the minors .
' ' Everything that happens on the field stays on the field , '' Machado said . ' ' He 's a great guy . ''
TICKETS ANYBODY ?
The Dodgers said tickets were still available for Game 5 , which begins at 2:05 p.m. PDT .
UP NEXT
Brewers : Miley makes his third postseason start in Game 5 on Wednesday . He threw 74 pitches over 5 2/3 scoreless innings Saturday in Game 2 of the NLCS , allowing two hits while striking out three and walking none . His other start came in Game 3 of the NLDS at Colorado . He did n't factor in the decision either time .
Dodgers : Kershaw took the loss in Game 1 against the Brewers . Kershaw had the best postseason outing of his career in Game 2 of the NLDS against the Braves , allowing two hits over eight shutout innings .
