Bradley 's slam helps Red Sox beat Astros 8 - 2 in ALCS
HOUSTON ( AP ) Jackie Bradley Jr. did n't let his demeanor change this season , even as fans begged Boston to trade him during a miserable first - half slump .
Stayed steady after the biggest swing of his career , too .
Bradley belted a grand slam for his second big hit in the AL Championship Series , helping the Red Sox beat the Houston Astros 8 - 2 on Tuesday for a 2 - 1 series lead . His low - key personality was on display as he rounded the bases without the hint of a smile . He greeted his screaming , excited teammates at home plate with one small jump and a few high fives .
' ' One of my coaches back in the day ... said : ` No one should ever know whether you 're winning or losing . Kind of keep the same temperament . That way , it will allow you to put some perspective into things , ' '' Bradley said . ' ' And I kind of took that to heart . ''
Bradley 's slam backed a solid start by Nathan Eovaldi , who hushed Houston a day after some social media smack talk from Alex Bregman .
' ' We can play at any park , '' Eovaldi said . ' ' The first game is always the biggest one of any series when you go on the road . ''
Game 4 is Wednesday night , with Boston 's Rick Porcello opposing Charlie Morton .
Steve Pearce hit a tiebreaking homer for the Red Sox off Joe Smith in the sixth , a drive that sailed just inside the foul pole in left field for a 3 - 2 lead .
Bradley 's slam capped a five - run burst in the eighth against Roberto Osuna . The Astros closer got two outs but allowed two singles and plunked consecutive batters to force in a run . Bradley then crushed a 1 - 1 fastball into the right field seats to send Houston fans streaming toward the exits .
' ' That 's the pitch I always get him out with , '' Osuna said . ' ' He hit it today , but I would go there 100 more times . ''
Osuna was acquired from Toronto this season while serving a 75-game ban under Major League Baseball 's domestic violence policy . He had a 1.99 ERA over 23 games for Houston in the regular season after he returned .
With his childhood hero and fellow Alvin , Texas , native Nolan Ryan sitting behind the plate , Eovaldi turned in another solid start . He allowed six hits and two runs with four strikeouts in six innings for the win in the second playoff start of his career .
' ' For him , I know it 's a special one , '' Boston manager Alex Cora said .
Bregman had shared a video Monday on Instagram of Houston hitting back - to - back - to - back home runs off Eovaldi in his previous outing against the Astros in June . Eovaldi downplayed the post when asked about it Monday .
Bregman did much of the damage against Eovaldi , getting two hits , an RBI and a walk in three plate appearances . Bregman has reached base safely in 20 of 28 plate appearances this postseason .
' ' Eovaldi did a great job , '' Bregman said . ' ' He had really five pitches working for him . He 's tough . We knew that coming into the game . ''
Bradley hit a three - run double during Boston 's Game 2 victory , giving him three RBIs in consecutive games for the first time in his career . Moments after his slam , fans at TD Garden in Boston began chanting ' ' JBJ ! '' during the Celtics season opener against the Philadelphia 76ers .
Bradley had caught the ire of many Red Sox fans while batting .210 during the first half of the season .
' ' It 's a credit to him , because at this level , when you 're hitting .180 after two months or I think it was three months , it is hard , '' Cora said . ' ' And he kept showing up . He kept working . He kept working his craft . Now you see the results . ''
Boston jumped on Dallas Keuchel for two runs in the first , but the Astros cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the inning and tied it on an RBI double by Bregman in the fifth .
The Astros went 1 for 8 with runners in scoring position in the first home game of the series , which was played in front of a sellout crowd of 43,102 and included Astros Hall of Famer Jeff Bagwell and Houston Rockets stars James Harden , Chris Paul and Carmelo Anthony . Bregman 's double was the only extra - base hit for a team which entered the game having hit at least one homer in a record 14 straight playoff games .
Jose Altuve , at designated hitter on Tuesday because of a bruised knee , walked with two outs in the fifth and scored from first on the double by Bregman , which bounced past third baseman Rafael Devers and into the corner of left field to tie it at 2 - 2 . Altuve also bunted for a single in the seventh .
Eduardo Nunez started at third base for Boston after Cora benched him in favor of Devers in Game 2 . Devers took over at third in the bottom of the fourth after pinch - hitting for Nunez in the top of the inning .
WHAT A CATCH
Pearce nearly delivered an extra - base hit with two on in the third , but 5-foot-6 left fielder Tony Kemp jumped at the wall and came up with Pearce 's towering fly .
' ' That 's a completely different inning if he hits that ball a foot further or if Tony ca n't get up on the wall and make that catch , '' Houston manager AJ Hinch said .
Replays showed the ball may have clanked off the wall just before falling into Kemp 's mitt , but umpires upheld the decision when Boston challenged .
' ' It did hit the wall , but it was actually in my glove at the time , '' Kemp said .
UP NEXT
Morton will make his 2018 postseason debut . Morton , who spent time on the disabled list late in the season with shoulder discomfort , has n't pitched since Houston 's regular - season finale on Sept. 30 . Porcello was scheduled to start Tuesday but was pushed back a game after he pitched in relief in Game 2 .
