Benintendi , Red Sox hold off Astros 8 - 6 for 3 - 1 ALCS lead
HOUSTON ( AP ) Andrew Benintendi charged in hard and left his feet .
Make the catch , Boston wins .
If not ... no telling .
On this night , though , even a ball the Red Sox did n't grab went their way .
Benintendi made a diving play in left field with the bases loaded for the final out , and Boston held off the Houston Astros 8 - 6 Wednesday to take a 3 - 1 lead in the AL Championship Series .
' ' I thought I could catch it and timed it up well , '' Benintendi said . ' ' At that point , it was either do or die . ''
Boosted by a questionable fan interference call and another home run from Jackie Bradley Jr. in a gripping , back - and - forth game , the Red Sox moved within one victory of their first World Series trip since winning the 2013 title .
Craig Kimbrel earned a shaky six - out save , helped by a rocket throw from right fielder Mookie Betts and Benintendi 's daring grab of Alex Bregman 's sinking liner . Had the ball scooted past Benintendi , it easily could have scored three runs and won the game for Houston .
' ' Beni took a shot . Had a great jump . And he got it , '' Boston manager Alex Cora said .
With that , the Red Sox improved to 4 - 0 on the road in these playoffs and inched closer to eliminating the defending World Series champions .
' ' This game was incredibly good on both sides - great at - bats , great plays , '' Astros manager AJ Hinch said . ' ' The difference in that game literally was a couple inches . ''
Game 5 is Thursday night in Houston , where ace Justin Verlander will pitch for the Astros with their season on the line . David Price , who was warming up in the bullpen late in Game 4 , will start for Boston on three days ' rest after Chris Sale was ruled out Wednesday while recovering from a stomach illness .
Bradley hit a go - ahead homer in the sixth inning , his latest huge swing for a Red Sox team that got knocked out of last year 's playoffs by Houston in the Division Series .
Boston has won three straight after a Game 1 loss , and this one came with some controversy .
Astros star Jose Altuve was denied a potential two - run homer in the first inning and called out after fans reaching for the ball interfered with Betts ' attempt at a leaping catch .
' ' Jose pays the biggest price , because the trajectory of the ball looked like it was going to leave the ballpark , '' Hinch said . ' ' Changed that whole inning . ''
Boston trailed by one with two outs in the sixth when Christian Vazquez doubled to deep right - center . Center fielder George Springer nearly made a jumping grab , but the ball glanced off his glove .
Bradley , who hit a grand slam in Game 3 and a three - run double in Game 2 , put the Red Sox on top 6 - 5 with his soaring shot to right field on the next pitch from rookie Josh James .
' ' I ' m very proud of him , what he 's done in the second part of the season and what he 's done tonight and in this series . It 's amazing , '' Cora said about Bradley .
Boston got some insurance in the seventh when Lance McCullers walked in a run after taking over for Ryan Pressly with the bases loaded and two outs . J.D. Martinez added an RBI single in the eighth .
Houston cut the margin to two on an RBI groundout by Altuve in the eighth . Right fielder Josh Reddick made a diving catch of Betts ' liner with the bases loaded to end the top of the ninth .
Red Sox starter Rick Porcello allowed seven hits and four runs over four innings in a wild game that took 4 hours , 33 minutes . Joe Kelly was the winner after giving up a run in the fifth .
Rafael Devers and Xander Bogaerts had two RBIs apiece for the Red Sox , who have outscored their opponents 36 - 12 on the road this postseason .
Houston 's Carlos Correa , who has struggled with back problems for months , had three hits and two RBIs for his first multihit game this postseason . Springer and Tony Kemp each hit a solo homer for the Astros , who left 13 runners on base .
A rusty Charlie Morton gave up three hits , three runs and two walks in just 2 1/3 innings . He also threw two wild pitches in his first outing for the Astros since the regular - season finale on Sept. 30 .
James took over and yielded three runs while striking out five in 3 2/3 innings during his second postseason appearance .
Devers ' two - run single gave the Red Sox two runs in the first inning for the third straight game .
The disputed call came in the bottom of the inning when umpires ruled a fan interfered with Betts as he tried to snag Altuve 's drive above the right - field wall .
' ' I ' m 100 percent positive I was going to be able to catch that one , '' Betts said . ' ' I jumped and went over , reached my hand up , I felt like somebody was kind of pushing my glove out of the way or something . ''
Crew chief Joe West , working the right - field line , signaled fan interference after the ball ricocheted back onto the field .
' ' The spectator reached out of the stands and hit him over the playing field and closed his glove , '' West said . ' ' That 's why I called spectator interference . ''
The call stood after a replay review that lasted 3 minutes , 13 seconds .
' ' The replay official said I was right , '' West explained . ' ' That 's all . He said I have nothing that can change it . ''
Altuve was ruled out and Springer was sent back to first base .
Cora , for one , was n't surprised .
' ' Joe calls it right away and I saw the replay , '' he said . ' ' And I said , no way they 're going to overturn this . I was pretty sure . ''
Altuve was disappointed with the call but not mad at the fan .
' ' I do n't have anything against him , '' he said . ' ' He 's another Astros fan rooting for us . Appreciate he was trying to help me . ''
Kemp gave Houston its first lead at 4 - 3 in the fourth when he knocked a slider from Porcello over the wall in the right - field corner .
Benintendi 's second double came in the fifth and he scored on a two - out single by Bogaerts to tie it at 4 .
Correa 's run - scoring single made it 5 - 4 in the bottom of the inning .
SMALL FRATERNITY
Bradley joined Nomar Garciaparra ( 1998 ) as the only Red Sox players to have at least three RBIs in three straight postseason games .
FLIPPING OUT
Red Sox first baseman Steve Pearce flipped head over heels into the Astros dugout chasing a foul ball hit by Reddick in the seventh . Pearce 's legs crashed into a bench but he did n't hit his head . Several Astros then aided Pearce , with Verlander grabbing him by the hand and helping him up after the spill .
UP NEXT
Verlander is 6 - 1 with a 2.44 ERA in eight postseason appearances for the Astros . He allowed two hits and two runs over six innings for the win in Houston 's 7 - 2 victory in Game 1 at Fenway Park .
