Red Sox finish off Astros in 5 games , head to World Series
HOUSTON ( AP ) What a birthday present for rookie manager Alex Cora . He 's taking the Boston Red Sox back to the World Series .
David Price put his postseason woes behind him , pitching the Red Sox past the defending champion Houston Astros 4 - 1 Thursday night in Game 5 of the AL Championship Series .
Next stop for the 108-win Red Sox is Fenway Park for the World Series opener Tuesday night against either the Los Angeles Dodgers or Milwaukee Brewers .
But before leaving Minute Maid Park , the Red Sox surrounded the 43-year - old Cora in the clubhouse and heartily sang " happy birthday ! " Wearing goggles and championship gear , the team saluted the first manager from Puerto Rico to lead a team to the World Series .
Cora was hired a year ago as he prepared to go to the Series as Houston 's bench coach . He got the job a month after Hurricane Maria devastated his island homeland , and immediately went to work helping with relief efforts .
' ' I know right know for everything that we 're going through as a nation , as a country , for me to stand up here with this trophy , I know there 's a lot of people proud of me in Puerto Rico , '' he said .
Rafael Devers hit a three - run homer as the Red Sox stunned Justin Verlander to win the best - of - seven set 4 - 1 .
ALCS MVP Jackie Bradley Jr. , outfielder Mookie Betts and the Red Sox will try to bring Boston its fourth crown in 15 years - this is their first trip since winning it all in 2013 .
Los Angeles has a 3 - 2 lead in the NLCS going into Game 6 on Friday night at Miller Park .
' ' We got four more wins . That was very , very special , absolutely . But we want more , '' Price said .
Pitching on only three days ' rest after Boston ace Chris Sale was ruled out while recovering from a stomach illness , Price struck out nine in six shutout innings of three - hit ball . The left - hander , who has had a rough time in Boston since signing a $ 217 million contract before the 2016 season , entered 0 - 9 with a 6.16 ERA in 11 career postseason starts .
Price was thrilled that he wo n't be questioned anymore about not having a postseason win as a starter .
' ' That 's awesome , '' he said . ' ' I do n't have to prepare myself for it in spring training on Feb. 20 or September when I ' ve still got five regular - season starts . I do n't have to answer that question anymore . And man , it feels good . ''
Price was warming in the bullpen as Game 4 ended , perhaps jeopardizing his readiness for Thursday . Instead , that session may have keyed his dominant performance .
' ' It felt good . Honestly , it really started last night in the bullpen . Threw quite a few pitches to come in for the next hitter , found something out while doing that and kind of just carried that over to today , '' Price said .
Price tipped his cap to a few hundred Red Sox fans assembled behind the Boston dugout while they cheered as he walked off the field following postgame interviews .
The only time thing that did n't go smoothly for Price came when he brought 1-year - old son Xavier into the postgame news conference and the little one would n't quit shrieking and wriggling away from him .
Price pulled him back onto his lap , repeating the words : ' ' This is big , dude . This is big . ''
After dropping the opener at home , Boston took four straight - including three in a row in Houston to improve to 5 - 0 on the road in these playoffs .
The Red Sox are the first team to win four straight postseason games against a 100-win club since the 2004 Red Sox against both the Yankees and Cardinals , STATS said .
' ' Since Day One , we knew we had something special . We just needed to stay healthy and go out and execute , '' Bradley said .
Left fielder Andrew Benintendi caught a long fly for the last out - not nearly as dramatic as his game - saving diving grab the previous night . Just the same , it capped off a win .
' ' The last out yesterday was like around 12:10 . So we won two on my birthday . I 'll take it . I 'll take it , '' Cora said .
There was a smattering of boos from the home crowd as the Red Sox charged onto the field , embracing as they jumped around near the middle of the diamond . They posed for a team picture on the mound a couple of minutes later as members of Houston 's pitching staff slowly walked by , glancing at the revelry on their way back from the bullpen .
' ' They beat us . We ran out of wins , '' Astros manager AJ Hinch said .
Despite leading the majors in wins during the regular season , the Red Sox were underdogs against a Houston team that defeated the Dodgers in last year 's World Series and romped past Cleveland in the Division Series this month .
But stars Jose Altuve , Carlos Correa and the Astros hobbled to the finish in a humbling defeat . Still , no team has repeated as World Series champs since the New York Yankees won three straight from 1998 - 2000 .
Altuve , last year 's AL MVP , did n't want to make excuses but said this was ' ' absolutely '' the worst pain he 's ever played with .
' ' I feel really , really bad for not being on the field for my team , but one thing you can know is that I gave everything I had , healthy , not healthy that was all I have , '' he said still wearing his uniform long after the game had ended .
Red Sox slugger J.D. Martinez hit an early homer off Verlander , and Price made the lead stand up into the late innings . Craig Kimbrel worked the ninth for his third save of the series .
Red Sox president of baseball operations Dave Dombrowski is taking his third organization to the World Series . He won two championships as general manager of the Florida Marlins , then oversaw two pennants as GM of the Detroit Tigers . Dombrowski was hired by Boston in 2015 .
It was the 14th pennant for the Red Sox , who are 8 - 4 in World Series appearances . They took the American League flag in 1904 , but the World Series was n't played that year .
Boston ended an 86-year championship drought in 2004 .
Verlander had pitched 24 scoreless innings over his previous three starts with his team facing postseason elimination , and he came in 4 - 1 with a 1.21 ERA in five potential elimination games during his career .
Houston 's only run came on a homer by Marwin Gonzalez in the seventh off Matt Barnes .
Devers connected in the sixth for a 4 - 0 lead .
Devers , who turns 22 on Wednesday , has 12 RBIs in 10 postseason games . He joined Mickey Mantle , Andruw Jones and Miguel Cabrera as the only players in major league history to have nine or more RBIs in the postseason at age 21 or younger .
UP NEXT
Sale , who spent Sunday night in a hospital because of a stomach illness , has recovered and is set to start Game 1 of the World Series . Cora said Sale threw off flat ground on Thursday and was feeling better after he was unable to start on Wednesday because of the issue .
