Aguilar , Brewers beat Dodgers 7 - 2 , send NLCS to Game 7
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) Ryan Braun slid across home plate and raised his arms in sheer joy .
A big lead , a bruising bullpen and a boisterous crowd have the Milwaukee Brewers all set up for Game 7 .
Jesus Aguilar sparked Milwaukee 's slumping lineup with three RBIs on a pair of two - out hits , and the Brewers beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 2 on Friday night to even the NL Championship Series at three games each .
' ' I do n't think about me . The most important thing , at the end of the day , is win games , '' said Aguilar , who had driven in just two runs in the playoffs . ' ' Tomorrow it can be somebody else . Tonight , it was me . ''
Game 7 is Saturday night in front of the same frenzied crowd that booed Manny Machado vociferously after he tangled with Aguilar while the series was in Los Angeles . Dodgers rookie Walker Buehler faces journeyman Jhoulys Chacin , with well - rested relief ace Josh Hader looming in the bullpen for Milwaukee after a surprise day off .
It 's the first Game 7 for the Brewers since losing to St. Louis in 1982 in their only World Series appearance . The Dodgers dropped Game 7 of the World Series last year to Houston .
' ' Got to get them tomorrow . We got one more game , '' Machado said . ' ' They played good baseball today . So , we just got to play a better one tomorrow . ''
David Freese led off this Game 6 with a home run that quieted Miller Park - but just for a moment .
Backed by raucous fans waving yellow towels that read ' ' ONE TOUGH CREW , '' Milwaukee rebounded from consecutive losses at Dodger Stadium with the same formula it used to win the NL Central during a breakout season .
Some timely hitting by Aguilar and company produced an early lead , and Corey Knebel and Jeremy Jeffress led the way in another shutdown performance by Milwaukee 's tough bullpen .
' ' Anybody , anywhere , anytime , '' Knebel said . ' ' We 're ready to go . ''
Los Angeles was looking for its second straight NL pennant and some time to prepare for the mighty Boston Red Sox in the World Series . But losing pitcher Hyun - Jin Ryu was tagged for four runs in the first inning , two on a double by Aguilar that sent Braun sliding home .
After Wade Miley pitched into the fifth inning in his second straight start - he faced only one batter in Game 5 - Knebel , Jeffress and Corbin Burnes closed it out with hitless relief . Knebel got the win and Burnes retired the Dodgers in order in the ninth , setting off a wild celebration for the crowd of 43,619 .
Manager Craig Counsell considered bringing in Hader , especially in the eighth , but Aguilar scored on a wild pitch in the seventh and singled in Lorenzo Cain in the eighth . The extra room helped persuade Counsell to give Hader another day of rest . The rocket - armed reliever has n't pitched since Tuesday in Game 4 .
' ' Best - case scenario for sure for us , '' Counsell said .
Freese drove in both runs for the Dodgers . The rest of the Los Angeles lineup managed just three measly singles . Hounded by boos all night long , Machado went 0 for 4 with two strikeouts .
' ' You know what ? I ' m focused on the game , '' Machado said . ' ' Try to go pitch by pitch , drive in runs . Do what we got to do on the field . We did n't execute today . ''
The 35-year - old Freese was a surprise choice for leadoff hitter by Dave Roberts , and he made his manager look quite good when he started the game with a drive to right - center for his ninth career postseason homer .
Freese also connected in the first inning of the previous NLCS Game 6 in Milwaukee , helping the Cardinals win the pennant in 2011 . It was just his fourth time in the leadoff spot in his 10 years in the majors .
But the Brewers put together a quick response that set the tone for the rest of the night . With runners on first and second in the bottom half of the first , Aguilar lined an opposite - field double into the corner in right .
Mike Moustakas followed with another RBI double and scored on Erik Kratz 's single to make it 4 - 1 . The Brewers managed just three runs in the previous two games in Los Angeles .
' ' It was huge to be able to answer back in the first inning after the homer , '' Moustakas said . ' ' One would have been great , two would have been awesome . To put up four right there just gives us a lot of confidence . ''
Christian Yelich and Braun combined for another run with consecutive doubles in the second , and then it became a question of strategy for Roberts and Counsell with Game 7 on deck .
Roberts used starting pitcher Rich Hill in the eighth after Kenta Maeda struggled , staying away from key reliever Pedro Baez and closer Kenley Jansen . Counsell stayed with Knebel for five outs , giving him his first pro plate appearance with the bases loaded in the fifth - he struck out - and Burnes worked two perfect innings .
' ' There 's the thought of trying to go to your ` pen in the first inning or the second inning , but there 's a significant cost potentially for a potential Game 7 , '' Roberts said . ' ' So I just felt that we needed to get some more innings out of Hyun - Jin to keep our highest leverage guys available for a potential Game 7 . ''
