Red Sox beat Dodgers 8 - 4 at Fenway in World Series opener
BOSTON ( AP ) The Fenway Funhouse proved too tricky , too cold and just too much for the beach boys .
Andrew Benintendi , J.D. Martinez and the Boston Red Sox came out swinging in the World Series opener , seizing every advantage in their quirky ballpark to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 8 - 4 on a chilly , windy Tuesday night .
Benintendi had four hits , Martinez drove in two early runs and pinch - hitter Eduardo Nunez golfed a three - run homer to seal it . The 108-win Red Sox got a solid effort from their bullpen after an expected duel between aces Chris Sale and Clayton Kershaw never developed .
From the get - go , old Fenway Park caused all sorts of problems for the Dodgers .
Mookie Betts led off for the Red Sox with a popup that twisted first baseman David Freese as he tried to navigate the tight foul space near the stands and gauge the gusts . Lost , he overran the ball and it dropped behind him .
' ' You never really know , '' Benintendi said . ' ' The flag will be blowing one way , and the wind is actually blowing the other . You have to be on your toes pretty much . ''
Given a second chance , Betts lined a single that set up a two - run first inning .
' ' It was important for us to score first and kind of put some pressure on them , '' he said .
In the seventh , newly inserted left fielder Joc Pederson looked hesitant as he chased Benintendi 's soft fly , rushing toward the seats that jut out down the line . The ball ticked off his glove for a ground - rule double , and soon Nunez connected off Alex Wood to break open a 5 - 4 game .
' ' We did n't play the defense that we typically do . I thought we left some outs out there , '' Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said . ' ' And it did n't make Clayton 's job any easier . ''
The crowd and cold temperatures were no picnic for Los Angeles , either .
The oddly angled ballpark became an echo chamber even before the first pitch . Chants of ' ' Beat LA ! '' began early , Kershaw got heckled with a sing - song serenade and Dodgers villain Manny Machado heard loud boos all evening .
Only one person wearing Dodger blue drew a cheer : Roberts , saluted in pregame introductions for the daring steal that turned the tide in Boston 's 2004 playoff comeback against the Yankees .
' ' I think we had the advantage tonight with the weather and stuff . We 've been playing through it , '' Red Sox pitcher Nathan Eovaldi said .
It was 53 degrees at first pitch and it dropped into the mid-40s by the end . That was the coldest game for Los Angeles this season and quite a contrast from last year 's World Series , when it was a record 103 degrees for the opener at Dodger Stadium against Houston .
' ' We won Game 1 last year and lost the Series , so maybe we 'll try it out this way . See if we can win one , '' Kershaw said .
Game 2 is Wednesday night , when it 's supposed to be even colder . David Price , fresh from beating Houston in the ALCS clincher , starts against Hyun - Jin Ryu .
Both teams rely heavily on analytics , and it showed : With each manager searching for the most beneficial matchup , the clubs combined to use 12 pitchers and six pinch - hitters .
Benintendi scored three times for Boston , trying for its fourth championship in 15 seasons .
Matt Kemp homered and Justin Turner had three hits for the Dodgers , aiming for their first crown since 1988 . Machado drove in three runs , and his RBI grounder in the fifth inning made it 3-all .
Boston retook the lead in the bottom half when Xander Bogaerts hustled to beat out a potential inning - ending double play - Dodgers reliever Ryan Madson seemed to celebrate a little too early .
Rafael Devers followed with an RBI single , making it 5 - 3 and giving himself an early birthday present . He turned 22 at midnight , three minutes before the game ended .
Martinez , who led the majors with 130 RBIs , gave the crowd a scare when his foot slipped rounding second base on a run - scoring double in the third . He fell hard , but soon got up .
Steve Pearce , ruled safe at first on a replay review , scored from there on Martinez 's double . The ball hit a metal garage - type grate on the far center - field wall and took a weird carom , giving Pearce extra time to score .
A garage - style grate , used for groundskeeping vehicles and such . What other park has that in play ?
A day before this opener , Kershaw and most of the Dodgers pooh - poohed the prospect that Fenway would cause them trouble . Most of them had never played at the oldest ballpark in the majors , built in 1912 , but said they were sure they 'd be OK .
It did n't quite turn out that way in their first trip to Fenway since 2010 .
Besides , clubs coming to Beantown have other things to worry about .
' ' I think the biggest challenge for a team coming in here is you 're playing the Boston Red Sox , '' Eovaldi said Monday .
The only other time the Dodgers and Red Sox met in the World Series was 1916 , when Babe Ruth helped pitch Boston to the championship . Those games were at Braves Field , the bigger home park of the city 's National League franchise .
Kershaw and Sale each started out wearing short sleeves , but neither warmed to the possibility of the marquee matchup . In similar outings , both were pulled before getting an out in the fifth .
Kershaw took the loss in his first appearance at Fenway , tagged for five runs on seven hits and three walks . The three - time NL Cy Young Award winner fell to 9 - 9 in the postseason , his October results falling short of his brilliant regular - season resume .
' ' All the way around it was n't a good night , '' Kershaw said .
Sale threw 91 pitches in his first outing since the ALCS opener . He was hospitalized last week for an unspecified stomach illness .
Matt Barnes , the first of six Boston relievers , got the win . Eovaldi pitched the eighth and Craig Kimbrel worked the ninth as the Red Sox bullpen held the Dodgers to one run on three hits in five innings .
Boston manager Alex Cora won in his first try guiding a club in the Series . This also marked the first World Series game between teams led by minority managers .
YAY FOR YAZ
Red Sox great Carl Yastrzemski bounced the ceremonial first pitch , and decided that just would n't do . So he called for another ball , and the 79-year - old Hall of Famer threw a strike to injured Boston star Dustin Pedroia .
FIRST UP
The Red Sox have won Game 1 in six straight World Series , dating to 1975 vs. the Big Red Machine . ... Boston is 8 - 0 this postseason when scoring first . ... The team that wins the opener has won 62 percent of the championships .
UP NEXT
Price had been 0 - 9 in 11 postseason starts before pitching six scoreless innings to help close out the Astros in Game 5 . Ryu was 1 - 1 with a 3.40 ERA in three playoff starts this year .
