Wow ! Dodgers top Boston in 18th inning , longest Series game
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) Exhausted yet exhilarated , the Dodgers headed home for a catnap . The Red Sox may well toss and turn thinking about one that got away .
Max Muncy 's home run leading off the bottom of the 18th inning finally ended the longest World Series game in history early Saturday and gave Los Angeles a 3 - 2 victory over Boston that drew the Dodgers to 2 - 1 in the best - of - seven matchup .
Muncy homered to left - center on a full - count pitch from Nathan Eovaldi , jolting the remaining fans to their feet at 12:30 a.m. A grinning Muncy tossed his helmet aside as he headed for third in the final scene of a pivotal game that lasted 7 hours , 20 minutes .
' ' The feeling was just pure joy and incredible excitement , '' he said .
The Dodgers mobbed Muncy at home plate , celebrating the solo shot that pulled them back from the brink of a potential 3 - 0 Series deficit that no team has ever recovered from .
The Red Sox could only rue their near - miss .
They were oh - so - close in the 13th to taking a commanding Series lead . But veteran second baseman Ian Kinsler 's wide throw on a two - out grounder by Yasiel Puig let Los Angeles score the tying run .
' ' Had the last out in my glove and could n't get it over there . It 's tough to swallow , '' Kinsler said .
' ' I feel like I let the team down right there , '' he said .
Said Red Sox manager Alex Cora : ' ' It was just a bad night . ''
' ' We had some situations that we could have put them away and then we did n't . And at the end we paid the price , '' he said .
Evoking memories of Kirk Gibson 's winning pinch - hit homer in Game 1 of the 1988 World Series , Muncy came within feet of ending it in the bottom of the 15th . But his shot to right sailed just foul and he ended up striking out .
' ' I really thought I had it , '' Muncy said . ' ' That was kind of defeating at that point , but I was able to get back and get another shot . ''
The battle of attrition had a bit of everything : 46 players , including 18 pitchers , and 561 pitches . Never before had a Series game gone more than 14 innings .
Two games in one , really . And a fall classic , indeed .
' ' It was a must - win for us . Our guys just persevered , '' Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said .
How long did they play ? Put it this way : The game took 15 minutes more than the entire 1939 World Series when the Yankees swept Cincinnati , STATS said .
Long after rookie Walker Buehler dazzled over seven shutout innings for the Dodgers , things got interesting .
The Red Sox tied it 1-all in the eighth on a homer by Jackie Bradley Jr. and took a 2 - 1 lead in the 13th .
Los Angeles answered with the tying run in the bottom of the inning .
After Dodgers center fielder Cody Bellinger made the throw of his life in the 10th , both teams scored on bizarre errors in the 13th .
Cora used starter David Price in relief , rotated his outfielders in the middle of innings and even put catcher Christian Vazquez at first base for the first time in his big league career .
Out of position players , Roberts called on ace Clayton Kershaw to pinch - hit in the 17th . He flied out .
The stadium organist was busy , too , launching into ' ' Take Me Out to the Ball Game '' in the 14th inning - a second version of the seventh - inning stretch . Not many had left by then .
The crowd cheered when the stadium clock struck midnight .
' ' What a ballgame . What a marathon , '' Dodgers third baseman Justin Turner said . ' ' Unbelievable fight from our club . ''
' ' I think my beard got about 3 inches longer . ''
The Dodgers snacked on peanut butter and banana sandwiches whipped up by a team employee , and hung a bag of bananas over the dugout railing to change their luck .
' ' We were well - fueled , '' Kershaw said .
Game 4 is later Saturday at Dodger Stadium . Eovaldi had been scheduled to start for the Red Sox , but he threw 97 pitches over six - plus innings in relief as one of nine pitchers they used . The Dodgers backtracked on Rich Hill and said they would announce a starter later .
' ' I 'm a little tired , but we 're ready to come back tomorrow , '' Los Angles slugger Yasiel Puig said , looking at his watch and adding , ' ' in a couple of hours . ''
The Red Sox had a wild 13th with a walk , a steal , an infield hit and an error before taking a 2 - 1 lead .
Brock Holt drew a leadoff walk and stole second . Pinch - hitter Eduardo Nunez got flipped on his back by catcher Austin Barnes as he chased Scott Alexander 's wild pitch .
Nunez then reached on a nubber to the right side and Alexander bungled the toss to first , allowing Holt to score . Nunez got knocked on his back again on the play at first , but stayed in the game as Boston had no one left on its bench .
The Dodgers tied it 2-all in the bottom of the 13th . Muncy drew a leadoff walk and tagged up when Nunez tumbled into the third base stands after catching Bellinger 's pop foul . Muncy scored when Kinsler botched the throw to first on Puig 's infield single .
Bradley Jr. tied it at 1 with a drive off closer Kenley Jansen in the eighth .
The Dodgers led 1 - 0 on Joc Pederson 's two - out homer in the third .
Both teams squandered numerous chances . The Red Sox stranded runners in the 10th and 11th . The Dodgers left runners on in every inning from the fifth to the 11th .
Boston had runners at the corners in the 10th . Pedro Baez walked J.D. Martinez with one out and took third on Holt 's single to center .
Bellinger started a sensational , inning - ending double play from center field , catching Nunez 's pinch - hit fly and then firing to catcher Austin Barnes a few feet up the third - base line . Barnes made the tag as Kinsler came barreling past and both players tumbled to the dirt .
The game began in 78-degree heat - 31 degrees warmer than at Fenway Park for the first two games .
Buehler stymied the Red Sox through seven innings . The right - hander retired his final 14 batters before leaving after 108 pitches . He allowed two hits , struck out seven and did n't walk anyone .
' ' He 's got an overt confidence , a quiet confidence , a little combo , '' Roberts said . ' ' But he 's got tremendous stuff , and he lives for moments like this . ''
Boston starter Rick Porcello gave up one run and three hits in 4 2/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one .
Alex Wood threw a hitless inning for the win .
ALL NIGHT LONG
Previously , the longest postseason game by time was San Francisco 's 18-inning win over Washington that took 6 hours , 23 minutes , during the 2014 NL Division Series . The only other playoff game to last 18 innings was Houston 's victory over Atlanta in the 2005 NLDS .
STREAK STOPPERS
The Red Sox had won six straight games , starting in the ALCS . They had been 5 - 0 on the road this postseason .
UP NEXT
Red Sox : Cora had n't decided on a Game 4 starter .
Dodgers : After the game , the team said its starter would be announced later . Left - hander Rich Hill had been set to go .
