Rally Sox ! Boston on brink of title after 9 - 6 win over LA
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) An 18-inning loss in Game 3 of the World Series could n't wear out the Boston Red Sox . A four - run deficit late in Game 4 definitely did n't faze them .
This plucky powerhouse just kept getting big hits to move to the brink of another championship .
Steve Pearce hit a tying homer in the eighth inning and a three - run double in the ninth , and the Red Sox emphatically rallied for a 9 - 6 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Saturday .
Pinch - hitter Rafael Devers singled home Brock Holt with the tiebreaking run in the ninth as Boston roared to a 3 - 1 lead in the best - of - seven matchup .
Less than a day after a wrenching , 440-minute defeat ended well past midnight , the Red Sox trailed 4 - 0 in the seventh inning before they shook off that heartbreak , warmed up their bats and sped away from LA .
' ' I 've never been on a team where you just get punched in the face and then come back tomorrow and act like they are totally fine , '' Red Sox slugger J.D. Martinez said . ' ' It 's impressive . ''
Game 5 is Sunday at Dodger Stadium , where the Red Sox can close out a spectacular season with their fourth title in 15 years . Boston picked Game 2 winner David Price to start on short rest over Chris Sale against fellow lefty Clayton Kershaw .
Soon after Yasiel Puig 's three - run homer in the sixth put the Dodgers up by four , Boston 's incredible surge began with pinch - hitter Mitch Moreland 's three - run homer in the seventh . By the time they were done decimating the Dodgers ' bullpen , six Red Sox had combined for seven hits - four for extra bases .
' ' It was just a great night , all the way around , '' Pearce said . ' ' A great team win . A much - needed win , especially after what happened ( in Game 3 ) . I just love this team 's fight . ''
The Red Sox scored just two runs in their first 24 innings at Dodger Stadium , but added nine more in the final three innings of Game 4 . Sale 's motivational screams in the dugout might have played a role , but whatever the reason , Boston responded splendidly to a perilous situation .
' ' Sometimes in October we talk about mechanics , and how you feel at the plate and all that , ( but ) sometimes it 's will , '' rookie manager Alex Cora said . ' ' You will yourself to do great things . And it started very simple . A few good at - bats , and then the big swing , and we kept rolling and we did n't stop playing . ''
The Red Sox overcame a three - run deficit in a World Series game for the second time . Boston also rallied from three down against Cincinnati in 1975 in Game 6 , best known for Carlton Fisk 's dramatic homer in the 12th after Bernie Carbo tied it with a three - run shot .
Pearce was an unlikely candidate to join that lineage as the latest postseason hero in Boston 's long October history , but the 12-year veteran acquired in June did it twice .
The 35-year - old journeyman connected off All - Star closer Kenley Jansen for a tying homer in the eighth , and cleared the bases one inning later with a double to the gap . Pearce joined Carl Yastrzemski in 1967 and David Ortiz in 2004 as the only Boston players to homer while driving in four runs in a World Series game .
' ' ( Puig 's homer ) was a big blow , but everybody was pulling for each other , trying to get each other riled up , '' Pearce said . ' ' This team has a lot of fight , and it was great to see how we responded . Our offense went silent for about 20-plus innings , so our pitchers did a great job . ''
The superlative Boston roster that won 108 regular - season games and then rolled through the 100-win New York Yankees and defending champion Houston Astros to win the AL pennant is now one win from this formerly tormented franchise 's ninth World Series crown .
Enrique Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the ninth for Los Angeles , which could become the first team to lose the World Series on its home field in back - to - back seasons since the New York Giants lost at the Polo Grounds to the Yankees in 1936 and 1937 . The Dodgers ' bullpen flopped after manager Dave Roberts pulled starter Rich Hill , who dazzled for 6 1/3 innings of one - hit ball .
Los Angeles must overcome a 3 - 1 deficit to end its 30-year championship drought . Only six teams have accomplished the feat in a best - of - seven World Series , although the Chicago Cubs did it just two years ago .
' ' We 're not out yet , '' Roberts said . ' ' Our guys are n't done . We 've got our best going tomorrow and we 're expecting to win a baseball game . ''
Less than 17 hours after Max Muncy 's 18th - inning homer for the Dodgers ended the longest game in World Series history at 7 hours , 20 minutes , the teams were back on the field in Chavez Ravine . Game 4 took only 3 hours , 57 minutes , but had at least as many twists and turns .
After Hill left to a standing ovation , Boston 's feast on the Dodgers ' relievers began . By the time the Red Sox were done , all five relievers used by Roberts had yielded at least one run .
Moreland got the comeback started with his three - run shot off Ryan Madson - only Boston 's second hit of the game - after Xander Bogaerts and Holt walked .
Pearce then repeated the Game 3 feat of Jackie Bradley Jr. , who also hit a tying homer in the eighth off Jansen . The longtime Dodgers closer has three blown saves and an extra - inning loss during the past two World Series .
Dodger Stadium was already rumbling with tension and fear when Holt doubled in the ninth off losing pitcher Dylan Floro . Devers sent him home with a go - ahead single - and three batters later , Pearce cleared the bases .
After Pearce arrived at second and Martinez was intentionally walked , Martinez used his hands to make a heart and mouthed ' ' I love you ! '' to Pearce . Both players cracked up .
Pearce even scored Boston 's ninth run on Bogaerts ' single , celebrating wildly with teammates in somnolent Chavez Ravine .
Devers added a big defensive play in the ninth when he slid to stop Manny Machado 's hard grounder behind third before throwing across the diamond for the second out . Craig Kimbrel retired Cody Bellinger to end it , leaving Puig in the on - deck circle .
After throwing six pitches in relief the night before , left - hander Eduardo Rodriguez largely stymied the Dodgers until giving up Puig 's homer in the sixth . Rodriguez slammed his glove on the mound in frustration .
Los Angeles opened the scoring on a throwing error by catcher Christian Vazquez .
Joe Kelly was the winner after tossing two shutout innings .
HOLLYWOOD LIGHTS
The stands were packed with iconic Los Angeles athletes from Sandy Koufax and Magic Johnson to Kobe Bryant , who read the Dodgers ' starting lineup before watching from the front row in a Machado jersey . Hollywood luminaries also attended , including Charlize Theron , Ben Affleck , Jennifer Garner , James Franco , Don Johnson and Rob Lowe . For the first pitch , Dennis Eckersley took the mound in an Athletics jersey for a toss to Kirk Gibson , whose game - ending homer off Eck in the 1988 World Series still looms larger than Muncy 's drive in Dodgers history .
STARTING FROM ZERO
Rodriguez , who threw 93 pitches , became the first pitcher to start a World Series game on zero days ' rest since Firpo Marberry for the Washington Senators in 1924 .
UP NEXT
Red Sox : Price gave up two runs and three hits over six innings in Game 2 for his second consecutive postseason win . He also pitched in relief in Game 3 .
Dodgers : Kershaw makes his fourth World Series start . He was charged with five runs and seven hits over four - plus innings in a Game 1 loss at Boston .
