Brees passes Favre with 3 TDs , Saints crush Bengals 51 - 14
CINCINNATI ( AP ) Drew Brees and the Saints rocked Paul Brown Stadium from the opening drive , scoring every time they got the ball except for the last one .
Then they cranked up the music in the locker room until the cinderblock walls were vibrating , too .
For New Orleans , it was as much fun as it gets in the NFL .
Brees threw three touchdown passes in a blistering first half , moving ahead of Brett Favre for second place on the career list , and New Orleans rolled to its eighth straight victory Sunday , 51 - 14 over the Cincinnati Bengals .
Then they blasted the music .
' ' It 's a good time , '' said Brees , who was 22 of 25 for 265 yards and a near - perfect passer rating of 150.4 . ' ' We know how to have fun when it 's time to have fun . ''
Brees led the Saints to touchdowns on all five first - half possessions with a nearly perfect performance - only two incompletions . His 17-yard TD to Michael Thomas with 2 seconds left in the half gave him 509 career touchdown passes , one more than Favre .
Up next : Peyton Manning 's record 539 .
' ' If you play long enough , I guess those things happen , '' Brees said . ' ' I consider myself very grateful , very blessed .
' ' Just take ` em one at a time , keep plugging along , and hopefully there 's more to go ''
Brees had his way with the Bengals ' historically bad defense , even diving over the pile to score a 1-yard touchdown . Cincinnati ( 5 - 4 ) became the first team in the Super Bowl era to give up 500 yards in three consecutive games ; New Orleans finished with 509 .
The Bengals matched the most lopsided defeat in franchise history and gave up the second - most points in club history . In the first half alone , the Saints piled up 311 yards and had 21 first downs on 40 plays . Brees was 18 of 20 for 214 yards with three touchdowns in the opening half .
' ' I 'm kind of in shock after a loss like that , '' linebacker Jordan Evans said .
In the last four games , the Bengals have given up 481 , 551 , 576 and 509 yards . They 're on pace to give up the most yards in NFL history .
' ' Obviously , your confidence gets shaken , '' coach Marvin Lewis said . ' ' I just addressed that with them . They have to focus and get determined . It 's their job to do it right . ''
Mark Ingram and Alvin Kamara recognized Dez Bryant by crossing their arms after scoring touchdowns . The former Cowboys receiver signed with the Saints on Wednesday but tore an Achilles tendon in his second practice .
' ' Two days is not a lot of time , and yet there 's a lot of respect , '' coach Sean Payton said .
The Saints sent the Rams to their first loss last week , 45 - 35 , and kept the momentum with their highest - scoring game of the season . Ingram had 13 rushes for 104 yards , and Kamara scored twice as New Orleans picked up 244 yards on the ground .
' ' Look , this was a good game , but it was n't a perfect game , '' Payton said .
Pretty close . The only time New Orleans failed to score was when it took a knee at the Bengals 31-yard line to end matters .
What 's it like playing in an offense like that ?
' ' It 's heaven , '' Kamara said .
Another encouraging sign for the Saints : Their struggling defense held in check a Bengals offense missing A.J. Green , out indefinitely with an injured toe on his right foot . Andy Dalton went 12 of 20 for 153 yards with two interceptions , including one that Marcus Williams returned 78 yards to set up Brees ' third touchdown throw .
' ' We all had a hand in it , '' Dalton said .
BAD HISTORY
It 's the fourth time the Bengals have lost a game by 37 points in their history . The club record for points allowed was 52 against Carolina in 2002 . The 28 points allowed in the second quarter matched the club record .
RED - ZONED
New Orleans had allowed touchdowns on 20 of opponents ' 28 drives inside the 20-yard line , which ranked 28th out of 32 teams in red zone efficiency . The Bengals managed to get inside the 20-yard line only once , on their opening touchdown drive .
LOCKED IN
Brees has an 89 percent completion percentage when targeting Michael Thomas this season . Thomas finished with eight catches for 70 yards and two touchdowns , including a diving 7-yard catch in the end zone .
PRODUCTIVE THOMAS
Thomas has 274 catches in 40 career games , surpassing Odell Beckham Jr. , who held the mark for most receptions in NFL history through 40 outings .
INJURIES
Saints : LT Terron Armstead suffered a shoulder injury in the second quarter .
Bengals : CB Dre Kirkpatrick suffered a concussion in the second quarter and did n't return .
UP NEXT
Saints : host the Eagles next Sunday .
Bengals : play at Baltimore next Sunday . The beat the Ravens earlier this year .
